Happy Father’s Day to Charles and all the dads at Fathers’ Uplift. Today, we’re celebrating fathers like these who provide a powerful example—not only for their kids, but for the rest of us, too.
As we commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-Day, I'm thinking about all the young troops who faced down impossible odds that day – some of whom I actually got to meet on my own visits to Normandy. I’m also thinking about my grandfather. Though Gramps arrived at Omaha Beach weeks after D-Day, I remember how much I missed him during my visit five years ago – I wanted to have him right there with me, to hear his stories, to share the experience. But I was lucky to spend time with “Rock” Merritt who, as a younger man, saw a recruitment poster asking him if he was man enough to be a paratrooper — and signed up on the spot. All these years later, Rock is best-known not just for his exploits on D-Day, or for his decades in uniform, but for the time he’s spent speaking to the young men and women of today’s Army. Five years ago today, at Omaha Beach – democracy’s beachhead – I spoke about the debt we owe Rock and his fellow veterans who risked and gave their lives in defense of democracy. You can watch it here: https://youtu.be/ewcQ9hCP9rM
On Friday, I had a chance to meet with some inspiring young leaders from around the world who were in Ottawa last week for the Open Government Partnership Global Summit. From Kyrgyzstan to Argentina, we're seeing a new generation taking the reins to empower others and harness new technologies for smarter, better government. It's inspiring—the kind of thing that will create a better world for all of us.
Exciting to see the faces of Colombia's future at an Obama Foundation roundtable with young leaders in Bogotá. Their creativity, their compassion, and their drive to improve their country are promising signs of what's to come.
On Memorial Day, we remember all those who gave everything for something greater than themselves. It's up to us to not simply reflect on their sacrifice but to honor it with service of our own—and by living out the values they fought for.
Happy Mother's Day to the most caring, brilliant, funny, and grounded woman I know—a perfect role model not just for our daughters, but so many others. Love you, Michelle Obama.
"Here are a few books that I've thinking about lately and read recently that I wanted to share with you. I hope you'll consider adding them to your own reading list:
The Moment of Lift by Melinda Gates: When you lift up women, you lift up everybody—families, communities, entire countries. That's not just the right approach; it's backed up by research and countless real-world examples. In her book, Melinda tells the stories of the inspiring people she’s met through her work all over the world, digs into the data, and powerfully illustrates issues that need our attention—from child marriage to gender inequity in the workplace. I've called Melinda an impatient optimist and that's what she delivers here — the urgency to tackle these problems and the unwavering belief that solving them is indeed possible.
W. S. Merwin's The Shadow of Sirius: One of the great poets of our time, W. S. Merwin, passed away recently. A brilliant writer and conservationist, Merwin spent the final period of his life on a former pineapple plantation in Hawaii, working to restore the surrounding rainforest. During a visit to the White House in 2010, while he was serving as U.S. poet laureate, we connected over the place we both called home and our shared responsibility to protect the planet. This collection offers a good sampling of his work. I've drawn inspiration from Merwin's writing because it teaches us about ourselves, our world, and how we as humans connect to nature. Most of us don't spend a lot of time on poetry but Merwin's death reminded me of how a good poem can inspire and instruct. So if you're in the mood, give one of them a try.
Pachinko by Min Jin Lee: This is a captivating book I read at the suggestion of a young staffer on my team — a historical novel about the Korean immigrant experience in wartime Japan. Min Jin Lee draws you in from the first line, “History has failed us, but no matter.” The book is named after a popular game in Japan that's a bit like a pinball machine — a game of chance where the player can set the speed or direction, but once it’s in play a maze of obstacles determines the outcome. Staying true to the nature of the game, Min Jin Lee’s novel takes us through four generations and each character's search for identity and success. It’s a powerful story about resilience and compassion."
"Today is Holocaust Remembrance Day. It’s easy, on a day like this, to reflect at something of a distance. The photos are grainy now, dusty artifacts from another era. It was a different world then, we can tell ourselves—another place, another time.
Fully grappling with the reality of the Holocaust, though, isn’t so simple. Because before the camps and the brownshirts, before the consolidation of political power, before millions of lives were extinguished, there were simply people, not altogether different from any of us, who chose to see their neighbors as different, as other, as something less.
It’s a sadly familiar choice, one that we’ve seen generation after generation. And today, in our world of encroaching division and calcifying bubbles, we’ve seen once again the swiftness with which that choice—that failure to recognize ourselves in one another—can accelerate into violence.
So it’s up to us to make a different choice—to choose empathy over apathy; to sow seeds of hope rather than hate; to embrace our shared humanity, no matter how we worship, what we look like, who we love, or where our families came from.
That’s how we can not only pause to remember a tragedy once a year, but act on the lessons we’ve learned from it every day."
Today, we welcome the next 20 civic leaders as Obama Foundation Fellows. In every region of the world, these folks are already leading the way—instilling hope in disadvantaged communities, championing restorative justice, even growing food in the desert. Congratulations to the new class of Fellows. I'm excited to see the connections they'll make—and the lives they'll change. Obama.org/fellowship
"I’ve always loved weekends because they provide me with a little extra time to make my way through the books and articles I’d been meaning to dig into. Here are a handful articles I’ve read over the past few weeks that stuck with me. 
Now, I don’t always agree with every single thing that’s in them and, in fact, occasionally they contain things that are critical of my record as president. But one of the thing I strive toward is finding smart, thoughtful writing from people who have a different political perspective than I do. These stories further my understanding about some key public policy challenges — like the economy, technology, and criminal justice. They provoke me to think about problems in a new way. And they remind me about the urgency of certain issues that deserve more attention than they often receive. 
So for anybody looking to be part of a solution, I hope these articles will give you some fresh perspectives — and I’ll keep them coming in the weeks ahead.
“How the Upper Middle Class Is Really Doing” in the New York Times by David Leonhardt: https://nyti.ms/2NryJ83
“White Nationalism’s Deep American Roots” in the Atlantic by Adam Serwer: https://bit.ly/2TQFlSU 
“Keep It Simple and Take Credit” in Democracy: A Journal of Ideas by Jack Meserve: https://bit.ly/2ULlAO3 
“Alabama’s Gruesome Prisons: Report Finds Rape and Murder at All Hours” in the New York Times by Katie Benner and Shaila Dewan: https://nyti.ms/2UuAWW8
“‘Change My View’ Reddit Community Launches Its Own Website” in WIRED by Arielle Pardes: https://bit.ly/2DjgPk3"
To all who celebrate today, happy Easter from our family to yours! On this day of rebirth and renewal, let’s recommit to love and serve our brothers and sisters, especially those in need, in every way we can. Have a great day, everybody.
Back in 2008, I joined a few staffers for an impromptu Passover Seder on the campaign trail in Pennsylvania — Manischewitz, matzo, and all — and we kept it going during my time in the White House. It was a chance to pause, to connect around a shared meal, and to tell the Exodus story, which reminds us of faith’s triumph over oppression and calls on us to stand with those still yearning for freedom and opportunity today. I hope everyone gathering for a Seder tonight has a blessed and meaningful Passover.
Notre Dame is one of the world’s great treasures, and we’re thinking of the people of France in your time of grief. It’s in our nature to mourn when we see history lost – but it’s also in our nature to rebuild for tomorrow, as strong as we can.
A better future depends on active, engaged young people leading positive change. That’s what I saw in these young European leaders—and it’s what the Obama Foundation wants to encourage and support.
I’m about to take the stage at the Obama Foundation Town Hall Europe for a conversation with civic leaders about the ways we can support their work across the continent. I hope you’ll tune in.
Valerie is one of my oldest friends and a lifelong advisor – she was by my side when I first decided to run for office and for every major moment of the presidency. I’ve always been proud of Valerie and her extraordinary work to advocate for women, improve the lives of working families, and promote equality for all — but more than the policies she helped shape, I am proud of how she did the work. While Valerie was discovering her own sense of belonging, she was out there making sure other women knew they also deserved to be heard. “Finding My Voice” offers a rare look inside the presidency and a window into the life of a public servant who is dedicated to improving the lives of others. Valerie Jarrett’s voice has often inspired me and I know her memoir will inspire others to lift their voices, too.
Just in the nick of time: My brackets have never been my one shining moment, but here we go again. You can check out my March Madness picks here: https://go.obama.org/2019-bracket
"Over the weekend, America lost a brilliant economist, and many of us lost a dear friend.
When I asked Alan Krueger to serve as my chief economist in the White House, he’d already had a stellar career inside and outside of government. He spent the first two years of my administration helping to engineer our response to the worst financial crisis in 80 years, and to successfully prevent the chaos from spiraling into a second Great Depression. During his tenure as the Chair of my Council of Economic Advisors, he helped us return the economy to growth and sustained job creation, to bring down the deficit in a responsible way, and to set the stage for wages to rise again.
But Alan was someone who was deeper than numbers on a screen and charts on a page. He saw economic policy not as a matter of abstract theories, but as a way to make people’s lives better. He believed that facts, reason, and evidence could make government more responsive, and his enthusiasm and curiosity was truly infectious. It’s part of what made him not only a great economist but a great teacher – someone who could make complicated subjects accessible and even fun. A landmark, real-world study on the positive impact of the minimum wage. His creation of the “Gatsby Curve” that illustrated the connection between concentrated wealth and social mobility between generations. A rollicking speech at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on how understanding the economics of rock and roll might help us solve one of his deepest concerns: rebuilding the middle class in a changing economy. Through it all, he had a perpetual smile and a gentle spirit – even when he was correcting you. That’s what made him Alan – a fundamentally good and decent man.
My thoughts today are with his wife, Lisa, their kids, Ben and Sydney, his many students and colleagues, and everyone who loved and will miss Alan Krueger."
Michelle and I send condolences and strength to the people of New Zealand. We grieve with you and with the Muslim community. Every single one of us, every color, every creed, has a daily responsibility to rally against hate and bigotry in all their forms and to stand up for what is good, and decent, and true.
"As Democrats enter the presidential primary season, here’s an article that captures some of my thoughts on the process pretty well: http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2019/02/will-2020-democrats-help-trump-by-destroying-each-other.html
It goes without saying that the stakes couldn’t be higher in 2020, and I’m excited by the slate of extraordinary candidates who have thrown (or appear to be getting ready to throw) their hats in the ring. I’m also convinced that a robust debate among these candidates — on their policy ideas and their broader vision for America’s future — will be good for the party, good for the country, and good for the eventual nominee.
Certainly that was true for my candidacy in 2008. Sparring with my fellow Democratic candidates forced me to sharpen my ideas, and learn how to defend them. The primary toughened me up, and gave voters a sense of how I stood up under pressure. The long primary process allowed me to make inroads in states like Indiana and North Carolina — states we eventually won in the general election. And it allowed me to spend more time in places like Kentucky and Rhode Island, which don’t usually get a lot of attention during elections but are crucial to a fuller understanding of America. The experience made me a better candidate, and ultimately, a better president. 
Of course candidates vying for the nomination will work to define their differences. Campaigns for the nomination naturally highlight the contrasts that underscore their competitive advantages. That is a normal part of the process. Yet there also should be a recognition of shared values and goals.
As this contest heats up, I’m hopeful that all our candidates and their supporters will honor the difference between a healthy competition among allies and the deployment of misinformation and baseless attacks that we’ve seen too much of in our politics. Such slash-and-burn tactics will not just divide Democrats and make it potentially harder to win in November. They also are corrosive to our democracy and will add to a cynicism that prevents us from tackling big problems.
America is hungry for a better kind of politics right now. A primary process that not only tests bold new ideas, but also shows our fidelity to the truth and our ability to disagree in a fair, respectful way, is part of what’s needed to get us there."
"Five years ago today, in the aftermath of Trayvon Martin’s tragic killing, I launched My Brother’s Keeper, an initiative designed to expand opportunity and break down the barriers that our boys and young men of color face. In the years since, My Brother’s Keeper has fought for meaningful policy reforms—reforms that are making a real difference not just for young men, but for young women, too.
We’ve fought to expand access to Pell Grants—helping more students, including those who are incarcerated, get the education they need to build a career. We’ve worked to expunge juvenile records—reopening doors that might have been closed off by a youthful mistake. We’ve helped reform discriminatory discipline policies in schools across the country—helping more boys and girls get treated fairly, regardless of their skin color. And by mobilizing and connecting advocacy groups, local governments, businesses, grassroots organizations, and faith communities, we’ve been able to touch the lives of tens of thousands of young people all across the country, through everything from mentoring programs to violence prevention initiatives.
As part of the Obama Foundation, the My Brother’s Keeper Alliance now represents nearly 250 communities nationwide, each one dedicated to investing in solutions that work, launching new partnerships, and tackling the systemic challenges that prevent our young men from reaching their full potential.
I witnessed that commitment firsthand last week in Oakland at MBK Rising!, a celebration of the young men, community leaders, activists, and elected officials driving this movement. What I’ll remember most from my time in Oakland are the young leaders I met there.
They’re from all across the country, each one with his own story to tell. They’re not just looking to get ahead themselves—they’re reaching back to their communities to help others thrive as well. They’re not just boys becoming men—they’re redefining masculinity for their generation and modeling a more inclusive, more empathetic, more socially responsible, bigger-hearted vision of manhood and its responsibilities. They’re not just working hard inside the system—they’re demanding that the system itself change so that their generation can fulfill its promise.
Our country can reach its potential only if these young men can reach theirs. That’s why Michelle, I, and the rest of the My Brother’s Keeper Alliance will never stop fighting for them. I hope you’ll join us in the fight, too. To check out the livestream of the Oakland conference or learn more, go to: obama.org/MBKA"
"It’s up to all of us as citizens to make sure that the rules of democracy are fair—everywhere—because the next decade of our nation's progress is on the line. Join me and All On The Line in the fight against gerrymandering. 
Go to allontheline.org to join the team today."
"Five years ago, I launched the My Brother’s Keeper initiative calling on all Americans to take action on behalf our nation’s boys and young men of color. It was a call to make sure every child felt valued, safe, and supported by their community—a call to help these young men in particular see hope and opportunity in their future.
We’ve come a long way in those five years. Today, as part of the Obama Foundation, the My Brother's Keeper Alliance consists of nearly 250 communities working to break down barriers that too often leave boys and young men of color at a disadvantage. And tomorrow in Oakland, I’ll join the My Brother’s Keeper community to mark the progress we’ve made and chart the course ahead at a celebration we’re calling MBK Rising!
In the lead-up to the event, and in honor of Black History Month, I wanted to share a nonfiction reading list that can help to provide some essential context about the challenges that many people of color face every day. From modern memoirs to cornerstones of the American narrative, these works can help us better understand our country’s past and our evolving, persistent struggles with race—and they can be fuel on our journey toward a more fair and just future for all of our sons and daughters. They certainly are for me.
I hope you’ll take some time to read some of these books, letters, and articles. And tomorrow, I hope you’ll follow along with MBK Rising! at Obama.org/mbka.
The Warmth of Other Suns by Isabel Wilkerson
Stamped from the Beginning by Ibram X. Kendi
Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption by Bryan Stevenson
A Stone of Hope: A Memoir by Jim St. Germain with Jon Sternfeld
The Upshot from The New York Times: Extensive Data Shows Punishing Reach of Racism for Black Boys: https://nyti.ms/2GGpFZw
The Fire Next Time by James Baldwin
The Letter from Birmingham Jail by Martin Luther King, Jr.
Frederick Douglass: Prophet of Freedom by David W. Blight"
Happy Valentine’s Day to the extraordinarily smart, beautiful, funny, one and only Michelle Obama. It’s true; she does get down to Motown.
John Dingell’s life reminds us that change does not always come with a flash, but instead with steady, determined effort. Over the course of the longest congressional career in history, John led the charge on so much of the progress we take for granted today. He presided over the vote for Medicare – changing the lives of America’s seniors. He helped lead the fight for the Civil Rights Act – opening new doors for countless citizens. Ten years ago, in a moment of peril, he helped us rescue the American auto industry – saving the livelihoods of one million Americans. John sat beside me when I signed the Affordable Care Act – a law that nearly cut in half the uninsured rate in America. He had a long tradition of introducing legislation on the first day of each new Congress to guarantee health care for every single American. Because of him, we’ve come closer to that vision than ever before. And when we finally achieve it – and we will – we’ll all owe him our gratitude. Michelle and I send our warmest sympathies to Debbie, the entire Dingell family, and all the Michiganders and Americans whose lives are better because of his lifetime of service.
"As 2018 draws to a close, I’m continuing a favorite tradition of mine and sharing my year-end lists. It gives me a moment to pause and reflect on the year through the books, movies, and music that I found most thought-provoking, inspiring, or just plain loved. It also gives me a chance to highlight talented authors, artists, and storytellers – some who are household names and others who you may not have heard of before. Here’s my best of 2018 list - I hope you enjoy reading, watching, and listening.
Here’s a reminder of the books that I read this year that appeared on earlier lists:
Becoming by Michelle Obama (obviously my favorite!)
An American Marriage by Tayari Jones
Americanah by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
The Broken Ladder: How Inequality Affects the Way We Think, Live, and Die by Keith Payne
Educated by Tara Westover
Factfulness by Hans Rosling
Futureface: A Family Mystery, an Epic Quest, and the Secret to Belonging by Alex Wagner
A Grain of Wheat by Ngugi wa Thiong’o
A House for Mr Biswas by V.S. Naipaul
How Democracies Die by Steven Levitsky and Daniel Ziblatt
In the Shadow of Statues: A White Southerner Confronts History by Mitch Landrieu
Long Walk to Freedom by Nelson Mandela
The New Geography of Jobs by Enrico Moretti
The Return by Hisham Matar
Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe
Warlight by Michael Ondaatje
Why Liberalism Failed by Patrick Deneen
The World As It Is by Ben Rhodes
Here are my other favorite books of 2018:
American Prison by Shane Bauer 
Arthur Ashe: A Life by Raymond Arsenault
Asymmetry by Lisa Halliday 
Feel Free by Zadie Smith      
Florida by Lauren Groff         
Frederick Douglass: Prophet of Freedom by David W. Blight
Immigrant, Montana by Amitava Kumar
The Largesse of the Sea Maiden by Denis Johnson
Life 3.0: Being Human in the Age of Artificial Intelligence by Max Tegmark     
There There by Tommy Orange         
Washington Black by Esi Edugyan 
My favorite movies of 2018:
Annihilation
Black Panther
BlacKkKlansman
Blindspotting
Burning
The Death of Stalin
Eighth Grade
If Beale Street Could Talk
Leave No Trace
Minding the Gap
The Rider
Roma
Shoplifters
Support the Girls
Won’t You Be My Neighbor
And finally, my favorite songs of 2018:
Apes••t by The Carters
Bad Bad News by Leon Bridges
Could’ve Been by H.E.R. (feat. Bryson Tiller)
Disco Yes by Tom Misch (feat. Poppy Ajudha)
Ekombe by Jupiter & Okwess 
Every Time I Hear That Song by Brandi Carlile 
Girl Goin’ Nowhere by Ashley McBryde 
Historia De Un Amor by Tonina (feat. Javier Limón and Tali Rubinstein)
I Like It by Cardi B (feat. Bad Bunny and J Balvin) 
Kevin’s Heart by J. Cole
King For A Day by Anderson East
Love Lies by Khalid & Normani 
Make Me Feel by Janelle Monáe 
Mary Don’t You Weep (Piano & A Microphone 1983 Version) by Prince
My Own Thing by Chance the Rapper (feat. Joey Purp)  
Need a Little Time by Courtney Barnett 
Nina Cried Power by Hozier (feat. Mavis Staples)
Nterini by Fatoumata Diawara 
One Trick Ponies by Kurt Vile
Turnin’ Me Up by BJ the Chicago Kid 
Wait by the River by Lord Huron 
Wow Freestyle by Jay Rock (feat. Kendrick Lamar)
And in honor of one of the great jazz singers of all time, who died this year, a classic album: The Great American Songbook by Nancy Wilson"
Enjoy the holiday season with the ones you love. Michelle and I wish you a very Merry Christmas!
There’s no better time than the holiday season to give back to your community and spread some holiday cheer. I got to do just that Children's National Medical Center in DC this week. As we celebrate the season and look forward to the New Year, let us resolve to do even more to build a world that is a little more generous, tolerant, and kind.
"There are two things you need to know today about health care.
First, today’s the last day of open enrollment.  That means it’s the deadline to make sure you and the people you love have health insurance in 2019.  So head over to HealthCare.gov to get covered!
Second, you might have heard about a federal court decision on a Republican lawsuit trying to strike down the Affordable Care Act in its entirety.  That can be a scary thing to hear, particularly if you or someone you care about has a pre-existing condition.  And that’s why it’s so important for you to know that last night’s ruling changes nothing for now.  As this decision makes its way through the courts, which will take months, if not years, the law remains in place and will likely stay that way.  Open enrollment is proceeding as planned today.  And a good way to show that you’re tired of people trying to take away your health care is to go get covered!
A lot of good people are fighting to ensure that nothing about your care will change.  The ACA protects your pre-existing conditions, no matter how you get your insurance.  Young people can stay on their parents’ plans until they’re 26.  Preventive care like checkups, mammograms, and contraceptive care are still covered.  Mental health care is still covered.  Women can’t be charged more just for being a woman.  All of that is guaranteed by the ACA as long as it’s the law.
But all of this should also be a reminder that Republicans will never stop trying to undo all that.  If they can’t get it done in Congress, they’ll keep trying in the courts, even when it puts people’s pre-existing conditions coverage at risk.  The only way to convince them to stop trying to repeal this law, and start working to make health care better, is to keep voting, in big numbers, in every election, for people who’ll protect and improve our care.
So go get covered today at HealthCare.gov!"
"No jump shots. No ferns. No memes. Not this time. I’m going to give it to you straight:
If you need health insurance for 2019, the deadline to get covered is December 15. Head to HealthCare.gov today. Most people can find a plan for less than the price of a monthly cell phone bill.
Go to HealthCare.gov and pass this on — you just might save a life."
"There’s only one book for me to recommend this month. You can probably guess what it is: Becoming by Michelle Obama. Let’s face it; I’d be both a fool and a bad husband if I didn’t recommend my wife’s book. For those of you who haven’t picked it up yet, it really is wonderful — a story of Michelle’s remarkable journey from the South Side of Chicago, a reflection of what it means for everyone to find their own voice and sense of purpose, and a reminder of how lucky I am she agreed to go on a date with me 30 years ago!
I’ve also added a few articles worth reading. These two from Vox are useful holiday reminders that we have much to be thankful for: Twenty-three charts and maps showing that, for all the challenges we still face, smart policies and steady effort really can make a difference: https://bit.ly/2AhnQkm.
And a story on the sheer scale of the Democrats’ “blue wave” in the midterm election: https://bit.ly/2SdkZit. I’m excited to see what so many young new Democrats can do.
The third, from the New Yorker, is a sobering reminder that climate change is real, it’s here, and we have a lot more work to do to protect this planet for our kids: https://bit.ly/2zdX8rD.
I’ll have my usual year-end lists closer to New Year’s Eve. Happy holidays, everybody!"
"America has lost a patriot and humble servant in George Herbert Walker Bush. While our hearts are heavy today, they are also filled with gratitude. Not merely for the years he spent as our forty-first President, but for the more than 70 years he spent in devoted service to the country he loved – from a decorated Naval aviator who nearly gave his life in World War II, to Commander-in-Chief of our Armed Forces, with plenty of posts along the way. Ambassador to the United Nations. Director of Central Intelligence. U.S. Envoy to China. Vice President of the United States.
George H.W. Bush’s life is a testament to the notion that public service is a noble, joyous calling. And he did tremendous good along the journey. Expanding America’s promise to new immigrants and people with disabilities. Reducing the scourge of nuclear weapons and building a broad international coalition to expel a dictator from Kuwait. And when democratic revolutions bloomed across Eastern Europe, it was his steady, diplomatic hand that made possible an achievement once thought anything but – ending the Cold War without firing a shot.
It's a legacy of service that may never be matched, even though he’d want all of us to try. 
After seventy-three years of marriage, George and Barbara Bush are together again now, two points of light that never dimmed, two points of light that ignited countless others with their example – the example of a man who, even after commanding the world’s mightiest military, once said “I got more of a kick out of being one of the founders of the YMCA in Midland, Texas back in 1952 than almost anything I’ve done.”
What a testament to the qualities that make this country great. Service to others. Commitment to leaving behind something better. Sacrifice in the name of lifting this country closer to its founding ideals. Our thoughts are with the entire Bush family tonight – and all who were inspired by George and Barbara’s example."
Thanksgiving is a time to remember that, no matter our circumstances, we all have something to be grateful for. It's a time to give back to others. This week in Chicago, I was fortunate enough to be inspired twice, by two different groups of passionate change makers. After spending time in Chicago with hundreds of young leaders at the Obama Foundation Summit, I volunteered with folks in the community at the Greater Chicago Food Depository. It was good reminder that, even as we make those vital plans for long-term community change, there's always something immediate, something tactile, to be done today. That could mean picking up a clipboard or working to help fill someone's dinner table. This Thanksgiving, I am grateful for the next generation of leaders—from the young people pushing for progress in their own communities to the children pitching in with their families at the food bank. Our young people—tolerant, creative, idealistic—remind us that the best way to honor our communities is to serve them. They understand that hope requires action. From the Obama family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving.
I’m about to sit down for a conversation with author and advocate Dave Eggers about what it means to have Chicago roots, make a difference in your community, and put it down in words. We’re joining hundreds of extraordinary changemakers from around the world who have worked with the Obama Foundation over the past year to strengthen their impact and extend their reach. I hope you’ll tune in now at obama.org
"Today marks the start of the second Obama Foundation Summit. From South Africa to South India to the South Side of Chicago, folks are coming together to connect and discuss the work they do in the communities they call home. These are leaders who carry out their work in different ways—bridging intergenerational divides in neighborhoods in the U.K., providing access to healthcare in Cameroon and helping kids in Uganda realize their potential through a game of chess. 
Their hope is to build a better future and the Obama Foundation is working to provide them the support they need to make sure their impact goes further. That’s what the Obama Summit is all about—bringing these leaders together, highlighting their work, and connecting them so they can have an even bigger impact.
Follow along at Obama.org for more."
"I congratulate everybody who showed up and participated in our democracy yesterday. Obviously, the Democrats’ success in flipping the House of Representatives, several governorships, and state legislatures will get the most attention. But even more important than what we won is how we won: by competing in places we haven’t been competitive in a long time, and by electing record numbers of women and young veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan, a surge of minority candidates, and a host of outstanding young leaders. The more Americans who vote, the more our elected leaders look like America.
On a personal note, Michelle and I couldn’t be prouder of the alumni of my administration who took the baton and won their races last night. Even the young candidates across the country who fell short have infused new energy and new blood into our democratic process, and America will be better off for it for a long time to come.
I also want to congratulate voters across the country for turning out in record numbers, and for voting for several ballot initiatives that will improve the lives of the American people – like raising the minimum wage, expanding Medicaid, and strengthening voting rights.
Our work goes on. The change we need won’t come from one election alone – but it is a start. Last night, voters across the country started it. And I’m hopeful that going forward, we’ll begin a return to the values we expect in our public life – honesty, decency, compromise, and standing up for one another as Americans, not separated by our differences, but bound together by one common creed."
"Today is the day. Today, it’s your turn to raise your voice to change the course of this country for the better. So make it count. Get out there and vote.
Go to IWillVote.com or call 833-336-VOTE to confirm where you can vote, check voting hours, and find out if you need to bring anything with you to vote."
"As I reflect on election night ten years ago today, I can’t help but think about where my political career started. I wasn’t running for office. I was running a voter-registration drive in Chicago. What I learned then -- and what would become the premise of my 2008 campaign -- was that you couldn't just fight for existing votes. You had to reach out to all of these people who had lost faith and lost trust, and get them off the sidelines.
So during our first campaign, when I started seeing all these stories about record turnout in communities all over the country -- from young people in line for hours in Iowa to elderly folks in lawn chairs down in Florida -- I knew that we had shown what is possible when everybody decides to participate. And that, in and of itself, gave people a sense of their own power -- their own agency in the kind of country we want to leave for our kids. When more people get off the sidelines and decide to participate, our country becomes a little more representative of its people -- of everyone's collective decision. And American politics can change as a result.
So on Election Day this Tuesday, I’m not just asking you to vote. I'm asking you to really show up once again. Talk with your friends, convince some new voters, and get them out to vote because then something powerful happens. Change happens. Hope happens. And with each new step we take in the direction of fairness, and justice, and equality, and opportunity, hope spreads."
Open enrollment starts today. If you or someone you know needs health care, visit HealthCare.gov. Thanks to financial help, most people can find plans for $75/month or less, so check out your options and find a plan that works for you.
"Not sure who and what you can vote for?
Vote Save America put together a guide to help make sure you walk into the voting booth knowing where you stand on the candidates and initiatives you'll be voting on. Here's how it works: Enter your address, and you'll learn everything you need to know about who's running to represent you, which measures you have the opportunity to help decide, and more. Now, these ballot initiatives are really important. They allow millions of Americans to make decisions about real, concrete issues in their communities -- things like how hard it is to get an assault weapon, who gets tax breaks and why, how we care for our veterans, and what the requirements ought to be for casting a ballot. (That's right -- this election year, millions of Americans can cast a vote to help more Americans cast a vote.) And when you consider the fact that these initiatives tend to be written in a confusing way to begin with, it makes even more to sense to read up and make an informed decision now.
Here's the bottom line: The only thing more important than being a voter is being the most informed voter out there. So make sure November 6 isn't the first time you're seeing your ballot. Go to votesaveamerica.com/ballot right now, and let's get this thing done."
"Fourteen years ago, a young man named Michael Robertson moved to Chicago to join my staff.  It was a small team – I was still a state senator – which meant Michael was an outsized presence.  He was driven and dedicated, a constant source of wisdom and kindness, someone who jumped into public service because he believed his efforts could help change this country for the better.  He was somebody that any American would be proud to see serving in our public life. 
Michael stayed with me in the Senate, and on the campaign trail, and in the White House, never losing that fundamental decency and optimism – even after he was diagnosed with stage IV cancer at just 35 years old.  With the help of his wife Sahar, and his countless friends, he made it through the chemo, the radiation, and the surgeries – even as it often seemed that he was the one who often kept everybody else going.  He ultimately got well, and returned to our team at the White House, as determined as ever. 
In 2015, his cancer returned.  Last night, we lost Michael after another long battle.  But what we remember today is the way he lived his extraordinary life.  A life of meaning, purpose, and service.  A life lived to make this country better for all of us.  A life marked by finding great love in Sahar, and their young son Wali – who will hear from all of us how wonderful his dad was, and whom we’ll help thrive and become a good man like him.
Michelle and I share our condolences and our love with Sahar, Wali, and Michael’s entire family, with all the friends who loved him, and with all the Americans for whom he made a difference along the journey."
Your vote can decide the health care of millions. Your voice can determine the character of our country. You have power — use it! In most states, you don't even have to wait until Election Day to cast a ballot. Find out where you can vote before Nov. 6: IWillVote.com
The last presidential election turned on fewer than 100,000 votes in three states. More people go to Coachella. There’s no good excuse not to vote. Head over to Vote.org to check your registration, get your absentee ballot, and find out where to vote on November 6.
"I wanted to share a handful of books and articles that speak to the current political moment and something I’ve been talking about around the country this fall. Throughout our history, each time that Americans have pulled ourselves closer to our founding ideals – that all of us are created equal – the status quo pushes back. The powerful and the privileged work to keep us divided, afraid, and cynical, because it helps them keep their power. And we’re living through one of those moments of backlash right now.
When we turn away, when we take our rights for granted, when we don’t vote – then other voices fill the void. But here’s the good news: On November 6th, we have the chance to restore some sanity to our politics. I hope you’ll consider reading some or all of these, and then go out and vote. Our democracy depends on it.
The Broken Ladder: How Inequality Affects the Way We Think, Live, and Die by Keith Payne is a persuasive and highly readable account of how rising inequality, and not just absolute poverty, is undermining our politics, social cohesion, long term prosperity, and general well-being.
How Democracies Die by Steven Levitsky and Daniel Ziblatt is a useful primer on the importance of norms, institutional restraints and civic participation in maintaining a democracy - and how quickly those things can erode when we’re not paying attention.
In the New York Times Magazine, Matthew Desmond offers a powerful account of the challenges facing the working poor even in a strong economy, and the political and policy choices we’ve made as a country that help make it so hard: https://nyti.ms/2MkTNLc.
An excellent series of articles appeared in the October issue of The Atlantic; these two examine the threat that democracies currently face, both at home and abroad. Yoni Appelbaum writes about Americans losing the habit of democracy: https://bit.ly/2xbh4KP. And Anne Applebaum on polarization in Poland: https://bit.ly/2N6Sll5."
"Over the next several weeks, we have a chance to elect lots of talented, diverse, patriotic candidates who represent what’s best in the American spirit. So if you don’t like what’s going on right now, don’t boo. Vote. When you vote, you have the power to make sure a family keeps its health insurance. When you vote, you have the power to make sure we strengthen laws that protect women in the workplace from harassment and discrimination, and make sure they’re paid equally. When you vote, you have the power to make sure our voting rights are protected, and our criminal justice system treats everybody equally under the law. When you vote, you have the power to make it easier for a student to afford college, and harder for a disturbed person to shoot up a classroom.
Democratic candidates up and down the ticket, all across the country, make up a movement of citizens who are younger, more diverse, more female than ever before. They’re Americans who aren’t just running against something, but for something. They’re running to expand opportunity for all of us and to restore the dignity, honor, and compassion that should be the essence of public service. I’m proud to endorse even more of them today and I hope you’ll give them a chance with your vote.
Alaska
Andi Story (State House, District 34)  
John Lincoln (State House, District 40)
Arizona
David Garcia (Governor)
Kyrsten Sinema (U.S. Senate)
January Contreras (Attorney General)
Colorado
Dave Young (Treasurer)
Joe Neguse (U.S. House, CO-02)
Jason Crow (U.S. House, CO-06)
Jeff Bridges (State House, District 03)
Tony Exum (State House, District 17)
Marc Snyder (State House, District 18)
Lisa Cutter (State House, District 25)
Yadira Caraveo (State House, District 31)
Matt Gray (State House, District 33)
Kyle Mullica (State House, District 34)
Tom Sullivan (State House, District 37)
Barbara McLachlan (State House, District 59)
Connecticut
Ned Lamont (Governor)
Susan Bysiewicz (Lt. Governor)
Jahana Hayes (U.S. House, CT-05)
Christine Cohen (State Senate, District 12)
Mary Abrams (State Senate, District 13)
James Maroney (State Senate, District 14)
Jorge Cabrera (State Senate, District 17)
Martha Marx (State Senate, District 20)
Julie Kushner (State Senate, District 24)
Will Haskell (State Senate, District 26)
Jason Doucette (State House, District 13)
Christine Palm (State House, District 36)
Maria Horn (State House, District 64)
John-Michael Parker (State House, District 101)
Kara Rochelle (State House, District 104)
Matt Blumenthal (State House, District 147)
Florida
Andrew Gillum (Governor) 
Chris King (Lt. Governor)
Bill Nelson (U.S. Senate)
Nancy Soderberg (U.S. House, FL-06)
Stephanie Murphy (U.S. House, FL-07)
Chris Hunter (U.S. House, FL-12)
Lauren Baer (U.S. House, FL-18)
Debbie Mucarsel-Powell (U.S. House, FL-26)
Kayser Enneking (State Senate, District 08)
Janet Cruz (State Senate, District 18)
Bob Doyel (State Senate, District 22)
Lindsay Cross (State Senate, District 24)
David Perez (State Senate, District 36)
Annette Taddeo (State Senate, District 40)
Anna Eskamani (State House, District 47)
Fentrice Driskell (State House, District 63)
Margaret Good (State House, District 72)
Emma Collum (State House, District 93)
Nick Duran (State House, District 112)
Javier Fernández (State House, District 114)
Georgia
Lucy McBath (U.S. House, GA-06)
Carolyn Bourdeaux (U.S. House, GA-07)
Sally Harrell (State Senate, District 40)
Zahra Karinshak (State Senate, District 48)
Donna McLeod (State House, District 105)
Illinois
Betsy Dirksen Londrigan (U.S. House, IL-13)
Iowa
Fred Hubbell (Governor)
Rita Hart (Lt. Governor)
Abby Finkenauer (U.S. House, IA-01)
Cindy Axne (U.S. House, IA-03)
Jackie Smith (State Senate, District 07)
Vicky Brenner (State Senate, District 13)
Amber Gustafson (State Senate, District 19)
Mary Stewart (State Senate, District 41)
Heather Matson (State House, District 38)
Kansas
Sharice Davids (U.S. House, KS-03)
Maine
Jared Golden (U.S. House, ME-02)
Karen Kusiak (State Senate, District 16)
Tom Wright (State Senate, District 34)
Tiffany Roberts-Lovell (State House, District 06)
Diane Denk (State House, District 09)
Kelcy McNamara (State House, District 21)
Chris Caiazzo (State House, District 28)
Steve Ball (State House, District 80)
Jennifer Day (State House, District 86)
Chloe Maxmin (State House, District 88)
Holly Stover (State House, District 89)
Vicki Doudera (State House, District 94)
Maryland
Ben Jealous (Governor)
Susie Turnbull (Lt. Governor)
Courtney Watson (State House, District 09B)
Mike Busch (State House, District 30A)
Massachusetts
Jay Gonzalez (Governor)
Quentin Palfrey (Lt. Governor)
Ayanna Pressley (U.S. House, MA-07)
Julian Cyr (State Senate, Cape and Islands District)
Katie McBrine (State Senate, Plymouth and Norfolk District)
Tram Nguyen (State House, 18th Essex District)
Michigan
Gretchen Whitmer (Governor)
Garlin Gilchrist II (Lt. Governor)
Elissa Slotkin (U.S. House, MI-08)
Haley Stevens (U.S. House, MI-11)
Dayna Polehanki (State Senate, District 07)
Rosemary Bayer (State Senate, District 12)
Mallory McMorrow (State Senate, District 13)
Julia Pulver (State Senate, District 15)
Sean McCann (State Senate, District 20)
Winnie Brinks (State Senate, District 29)
Poppy Sias-Hernandez (State Senate, District 34)
Matt Koleszar (State House, District 20)
Kelly Breen (State House, District 38)
Mari Manoogian (State House, District 40)
Padma Kuppa (State House, District 41)
Alberta Griffin (State House, District 61)
Jim Haadsma (State House, District 62)
Kara Hope (State House, District 67)
Angela Witwer (State House, District 71)
Rachel Hood (State House, District 76)
Tanya Cabala (State House, District 91)
Minnesota
Tim Walz (Governor)
Peggy Flanagan (Lt. Governor)
Tina Smith (U.S. Senate)
Dan Feehan (U.S. House, MN-01)
Angie Craig (U.S. House, MN-02)
Dean Phillips (U.S. House, MN-03)
Joe Radinovich (U.S. House, MN-08)
Zack Stephenson (State House, District 36A)
Amir Malik (State House, District 37B)
Shelly Christensen (State House, District 39B)
Kelly Moller (State House, District 42A)
Ginny Klevorn (State House, District 44A)
Heather Edelson (State House, District 49A)
Ruth Richardson (State House, District 52B)
Anne Claflin (State House, District 54A)
Alice Mann (State House, District 56B)
John Huot (State House, District 57B)
Nebraska
Kara Eastman (U.S. House, NE-02)
Nevada
Kate Marshall (Lt. Governor)
Aaron Ford (Attorney General)
Nelson Araujo (Secretary of State)
Clint Koble (U.S. House, NV-02)
Melanie Scheible (State Senate, District 09)
Brittney Miller (State Assembly, District 05)
Jason Frierson (State Assembly, District 08)
Steve Yeager (State Assembly, District 09)
Ozzie Fumo (State Assembly, District 21)
Lesley Cohen (State Assembly, District 29)
Michelle Gorelow (State Assembly, District 35)
Sandra Jauregui (State Assembly, District 41)
New Hampshire
Molly Kelly (Governor)
Chris Pappas (U.S. House, NH-01)
Annie Kuster (U.S. House, NH-02)
Bill Bolton (State Senate, District 02)
Mason Donovan (State Senate, District 07)
Jenn Alford-Teaster (State Senate, District 08)
Jeanne Dietsch (State Senate, District 09)
Shannon Chandley (State Senate, District 11)
Melanie Levesque (State Senate, District 12)
Kevin Cavanaugh (State Senate, District 16)
Jon Morgan (State Senate, District 23)
Tom Sherman (State Senate, District 24)
Harrison Kanzler (State House, District Carroll 2)
Edie DesMarais (State House, District Carroll 6)
Cathleen Fountain (State House, District Coos 7)
Susan Ford (State House, District Grafton 3)
Erika Connors (State House, District Hillsborough 15)
Joshua Query (State House, District Hillsborough 16)
Willis Griffith (State House, District Hillsborough 18)
Joelle Martin (State House, District Hillsborough 23)
Dan Toomey (State House, District Hillsborough 32)
Mark Vallone (State House, District Rockingham 9)
Gerri Cannon (State House, District Strafford 18)
Wendy Chase (State House, District Strafford 18)
John Streeter (State House, District Sullivan 8)
New Mexico
Michelle Lujan Grisham (Governor)
Howie Morales (Lt. Governor)
Day Hochman-Vigil (State House, District 15)
Abbas Akhil (State House, District 20)
Melanie Stansbury (State House, District 28)
Karen Bash (State House, District 68)
New York
Max Rose (U.S. House, NY-11)
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (U.S. House, NY-14)
Dana Balter (U.S. House, NY-24)
Louis D’Amaro (State Senate, District 04)
Jim Gaughran (State Senate, District 05)
John Brooks (State Senate, District 08)
James Skoufis (State Senate, District 39)
Karen Smythe (State Senate, District 41)
Jen Metzger (State Senate, District 42)
John Mannion (State Senate, District 50)
Rachel May (State Senate, District 53)
North Carolina
Linda Coleman (U.S. House, NC-02)
John Campbell (State Senate, District 13)
Natasha Marcus (State Senate, District 41)
Brandon Lofton (State House, District 104)
Ohio
Rob Richardson (Treasurer)
Betsy Rader (U.S. House, OH-14)
Susan Moran Palmer (U.S. House, OH-16)
Paul Bradley (State Senate, District 05)
Sharon Sweda (State Senate, District 13)
Louise Valentine (State Senate, District 19)
Lauren Friedman (State Senate, District 29)
Jessica Miranda (State House, District 28)
Timothy Piatt (State House, District 36)
Kelly Kraus Mencke (State House, District 55)
Rachel Crooks (State House, District 88)
Oregon
Kate Brown (Governor)
Pennsylvania 
Scott Wallace (U.S. House, PA-01)
Mary Gay Scanlon (U.S. House, PA-05)
Chrissy Houlahan (U.S. House, PA-06)
Matt Cartwright (U.S. House, PA-08)
Steve Santarsiero (State Senate, District 10)
Maria Collett (State Senate, District 12)
Tim Kearney (State Senate, District 26)
Lindsey Williams (State Senate, District 38)
Katie Muth (State Senate, District 44)
Andrew Dixon (State House, District 29)
Dan Williams (State House, District 74)
Joseph Ciresi (State House, District 146)
Joseph Webster (State House, District 150)
Sara Johnson Rothman (State House, District 151)
Daryl Boling (State House, District 152)
Danielle Friel Otten (State House, District 155)
Melissa Shusterman (State House, District 157)
Christina Sappey (State House, District 158)
Anton Andrew (State House, District 160)
Dave Delloso (State House, District 162)
Mike Zabel (State House, District 163)
Jennifer O’Mara (State House, District 165)
Kristine Howard (State House, District 167)
Kristin Seale (State House, District 168)
Michael Doyle (State House, District 170)
Claudette Williams (State House, District 176)
Joseph Hohenstein (State House, District 177)
Rhode Island
Gina Raimondo (Governor)
Texas
Lizzie Fletcher (U.S. House, TX-07)
Veronica Escobar (U.S. House, TX-16)
Gina Ortiz Jones (U.S. House, TX-23)
Sylvia Garcia (U.S. House, TX-29)
Eric Johnson (State House, District 100)
Ana-Maria Ramos (State House, District 102)
Terry Meza (State House, District 105)
Rhetta Bowers (State House, District 113)
Julie Johnson (State House, District 115)
Vermont
Christine Hallquist (Governor)
Virginia
Elaine Luria (U.S. House, VA-02)
Abigail Spanberger (U.S. House, VA-07)
Jennifer Wexton (U.S. House, VA-10)
Washington
Carolyn Long (U.S. House, WA-03)
Lisa Brown (U.S. House, WA-05)
Kim Schrier (U.S. House, WA-08)
Wisconsin
Tony Evers (Governor)
Mandela Barnes (Lt. Governor)
Tammy Baldwin (U.S. Senate)
Randy Bryce (U.S. House, WI-01)
Caleb Frostman (State Senate, District 01)
Julie Henszey (State Senate, District 05)
Kyle Whelton (State Senate, District 09)
Kriss Marion (State Senate, District 17)
Lee Snodgrass (State Senate, District 19)
Chris Kapsner (State Senate, District 23)
Jeff Smith (State Senate, District 31)
Robyn Vining (State Assembly, District 14)
Mike Mooney (State Assembly, District 49)
Jeff Wright (State Assembly, District 51)
Alyson Leahy (State Assembly, District 85)
Tom Sieber (State Assembly, District 88)"
"This is one of those pivotal moments when every one of us, as citizens of the United States, need to determine just who it is that we are. Just what it is that we stand for. And as a fellow citizen, not as an ex-president, I delivered a simple message to students at the University of Illinois today. You need to vote, because our democracy depends on it.
The biggest threat to our democracy doesn't come from any one person. The biggest threat to our democracy is indifference. The biggest threat to our democracy is cynicism – a cynicism that’s led too many people to turn away from politics, and to stay home on Election Day.
The antidote to government by the powerful few is democracy by the organized many.
If you get involved, and engaged, and knock on some doors, and talk with your friends, and argue with your family members, and change some minds, and vote – then something powerful happens. Change happens. Hope happens. With each new candidate that surprises you with a victory, a spark of hope happens. With each new law that helps a kid read, or a poor family find shelter, or a veteran get the support he or she has earned, hope happens. With each new step we take in the direction of fairness, and justice, and equality, and opportunity, hope spreads.
I believe that can be the legacy of your generation. You can be the generation that stood up and reminded us just how precious democracy is, and just how powerful it can be when we fight for it. I believe you will. Because I believe in you. And I’ll be right there alongside you, every step of the way."
I just stopped by a high school on Chicago’s Southwest side to meet with students who spent the summer learning to code smartphone apps. These apps are impressive – they are designed to connect people in danger to emergency services, make it easy for students and families to get the latest information about their schools, and even help you decide what to eat to for dinner. It’s part of a program Michelle and I are proud to support called One Summer Chicago, which invests in local youth by providing meaningful educational and professional experiences in safe spaces over the summer. Programs like this aren’t just helping Chicago’s youth gain skills for their own future, they're also strengthening the pipeline of talent right here on the South Side, the community of the future Obama Presidential Center.
"John McCain and I were members of different generations, came from completely different backgrounds, and competed at the highest level of politics. But we shared, for all our differences, a fidelity to something higher – the ideals for which generations of Americans and immigrants alike have fought, marched, and sacrificed. We saw our political battles, even, as a privilege, something noble, an opportunity to serve as stewards of those high ideals at home, and to advance them around the world. We saw this country as a place where anything is possible – and citizenship as our patriotic obligation to ensure it forever remains that way.
Few of us have been tested the way John once was, or required to show the kind of courage that he did. But all of us can aspire to the courage to put the greater good above our own. At John’s best, he showed us what that means. And for that, we are all in his debt. Michelle and I send our most heartfelt condolences to Cindy and their family."
"One of my favorite parts of summer is deciding what to read when things slow down just a bit, whether it’s on a vacation with family or just a quiet afternoon. This summer I've been absorbed by new novels, revisited an old classic, and reaffirmed my faith in our ability to move forward together when we seek the truth. Here’s what I’ve been reading:
Tara Westover’s Educated is a remarkable memoir of a young woman raised in a survivalist family in Idaho who strives for education while still showing great understanding and love for the world she leaves behind.
Set after WWII, Warlight by Michael Ondaatje is a meditation on the lingering effects of war on family.
With the recent passing of V.S. Naipaul, I reread A House for Mr Biswas, the Nobel Prize winner's first great novel about growing up in Trinidad and the challenge of post-colonial identity.
An American Marriage by Tayari Jones is a moving portrayal of the effects of a wrongful conviction on a young African-American couple.
Factfulness by Hans Rosling, an outstanding international public health expert, is a hopeful book about the potential for human progress when we work off facts rather than our inherent biases."
Kofi Annan was a diplomat and humanitarian who embodied the mission of the United Nations like few others. His integrity, persistence, optimism, and sense of our common humanity always informed his outreach to the community of nations. Long after he had broken barriers, Kofi never stopped his pursuit of a better world, and made time to motivate and inspire the next generation of leaders. Michelle and I offer our condolences to his family and many loved ones.
"America has no royalty. But we do have a chance to earn something more enduring. Born in Memphis and raised in Detroit, Aretha Franklin grew up performing gospel songs in her father’s congregation. For more than six decades since, every time she sang, we were all graced with a glimpse of the divine. Through her compositions and unmatched musicianship, Aretha helped define the American experience. In her voice, we could feel our history, all of it and in every shade—our power and our pain, our darkness and our light, our quest for redemption and our hard-won respect. She helped us feel more connected to each other, more hopeful, more human. And sometimes she helped us just forget about everything else and dance.
Aretha may have passed on to a better place, but the gift of her music remains to inspire us all. May the Queen of Soul rest in eternal peace. Michelle and I send our prayers and warmest sympathies to her family and all those moved by her song."
"This week, I’m traveling to Africa for the first time since I left office – a continent of wonderful diversity, thriving culture, and remarkable stories. 
I was proud to visit sub-Saharan Africa more times than any other sitting President, and I’ll return this week to visit Kenya and South Africa. In South Africa, the Obama Foundation will convene 200 extraordinary young leaders from across the continent and I’ll deliver a speech to mark the 100th anniversary of Nelson Mandela’s birth. Kenya, of course, is the Obama ancestral home. I visited for the first time when I was in my twenties and I was profoundly influenced by my experiences – a journey I wrote about in my first book, Dreams from My Father. 
Over the years since, I've often drawn inspiration from Africa's extraordinary literary tradition. As I prepare for this trip, I wanted to share a list of books that I’d recommend for summer reading, including some from a number of Africa’s best writers and thinkers – each of whom illuminate our world in powerful and unique ways.
Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe
A true classic of world literature, this novel paints a picture of traditional society wrestling with the arrival of foreign influence, from Christian missionaries to British colonialism. A masterpiece that has inspired generations of writers in Nigeria, across Africa, and around the world.
A Grain of Wheat by Ngugi wa Thiong’o
A chronicle of the events leading up to Kenya’s independence, and a compelling story of how the transformative events of history weigh on individual lives and relationships.
Long Walk to Freedom by Nelson Mandela
Mandela’s life was one of the epic stories of the 20th century. This definitive memoir traces the arc of his life from a small village, to his years as a revolutionary, to his long imprisonment, and ultimately his ascension to unifying President, leader, and global icon. Essential reading for anyone who wants to understand history – and then go out and change it.
Americanah by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
From one of the world’s great contemporary writers comes the story of two Nigerians making their way in the U.S. and the UK, raising universal questions of race and belonging, the overseas experience for the African diaspora, and the search for identity and a home.
The Return by Hisham Matar
A beautifully-written memoir that skillfully balances a graceful guide through Libya’s recent history with the author’s dogged quest to find his father who disappeared in Gaddafi’s prisons.
The World As It Is by Ben Rhodes
It’s true, Ben does not have African blood running through his veins. But few others so closely see the world through my eyes like he can. Ben’s one of the few who’ve been with me since that first presidential campaign. His memoir is one of the smartest reflections I’ve seen as to how we approached foreign policy, and one of the most compelling stories I’ve seen about what it’s actually like to serve the American people for eight years in the White House."
"Today is World Refugee Day.
If you've been fortunate enough to have been born in America, imagine for a moment if circumstance had placed you somewhere else. Imagine if you'd been born in a country where you grew up fearing for your life, and eventually the lives of your children. A place where you finally found yourself so desperate to flee persecution, violence, and suffering that you'd be willing to travel thousands of miles under cover of darkness, enduring dangerous conditions, propelled forward by that very human impulse to create for our kids a better life.
That's the reality for so many of the families whose plights we see and heart-rending cries we hear. And to watch those families broken apart in real time puts to us a very simple question: are we a nation that accepts the cruelty of ripping children from their parents’ arms, or are we a nation that values families, and works to keep them together? Do we look away, or do we choose to see something of ourselves and our children?
Our ability to imagine ourselves in the shoes of others, to say “there but for the grace of God go I,” is part of what makes us human. And to find a way to welcome the refugee and the immigrant – to be big enough and wise enough to uphold our laws and honor our values at the same time – is part of what makes us American. After all, almost all of us were strangers once, too. Whether our families crossed the Atlantic, the Pacific, or the Rio Grande, we’re only here because this country welcomed them in, and taught them that to be an American is about something more than what we look like, how our last names sound, or the way we worship. To be an American is to have a shared commitment to an ideal – that all of us are created equal, and all of us deserve the chance to become something better.
That’s the legacy our parents and grandparents and generations before created for us, and it’s something we have to protect for the generations to come. But we have to do more than say “this isn’t who we are.” We have to prove it – through our policies, our laws, our actions, and our votes."
"I’m often asked what I’m reading, watching, and listening to, so I thought I might share a short list from time to time. There’s so much good writing and art and variety of thought out there these days that this is by no means comprehensive – like many of you, I’ll miss “The Americans” – but here’s what I’ve been reading lately. It’s admittedly a slightly heavier list than what I’ll be reading over the summer:
Futureface: A Family Mystery, an Epic Quest, and the Secret to Belonging, by Alex Wagner
I once wrote a book on my own search for identity, so I was curious to see what Alex, daughter of a Burmese mother and Iowan Irish-Catholic father – and a friend of mine – discovered during her own. What she came up with is a thoughtful, beautiful meditation on what makes us who we are – the search for harmony between our own individual identities and the values and ideals that bind us together as Americans.
The New Geography of Jobs, by Enrico Moretti
It’s six years old now, but still a timely and smart discussion of how different cities and regions have made a changing economy work for them – and how policymakers can learn from that to lift the circumstances of working Americans everywhere.
Why Liberalism Failed, by Patrick Deneen
In a time of growing inequality, accelerating change, and increasing disillusionment with the liberal democratic order we’ve known for the past few centuries, I found this book thought-provoking. I don’t agree with most of the author’s conclusions, but the book offers cogent insights into the loss of meaning and community that many in the West feel, issues that liberal democracies ignore at their own peril.
“The 9.9 Percent Is the New American Aristocracy,” by Matthew Stewart, The Atlantic
Another thought-provoking analysis, this one about how economic inequality in America isn’t just growing, but self-reinforcing – and what that means for education, health, happiness, even the strength of our democracy.
In the Shadow of Statues: A White Southerner Confronts History, by Mitch Landrieu
A few years ago, I eulogized the Reverend Clementa Pinckney, who was slain by a white supremacist in his church in Charleston, South Carolina. And I’ll never forget something Clem said while he was alive: “Across the South, we have a deep appreciation of history. We haven’t always had a deep appreciation of each other’s history.” That’s something Mitch takes to heart in this book, while grappling with some of the most painful parts of our history and how they still live in the present. It’s an ultimately optimistic take from someone who believes the South will rise again not by reasserting the past, but by transcending it.
“Truth Decay: An Initial Exploration of the Diminishing Role of Facts and Analysis in American Public Life,” by Jennifer Kavanagh and Michael D. Rich, RAND Corporation
The title is self-explanatory, but the findings are very interesting. A look at how a selective sorting of facts and evidence isn’t just dishonest, but self-defeating to a society that has always worked best when reasoned debate and practical problem-solving thrive."
Over the past few days, the first class of Obama Foundation Fellows gathered to get to know each other and share what they’ve learned from their inspiring work. From Minnesota to Mali, these 20 leaders have dedicated their lives to building a better world. I can’t wait to learn from each of them and watch their impact grow as they work together and with us over the next two years.
"There are few issues more important to the security of the United States than the potential spread of nuclear weapons, or the potential for even more destructive war in the Middle East. That’s why the United States negotiated the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) in the first place.
The reality is clear. The JCPOA is working – that is a view shared by our European allies, independent experts, and the current U.S. Secretary of Defense. The JCPOA is in America’s interest – it has significantly rolled back Iran’s nuclear program. And the JCPOA is a model for what diplomacy can accomplish – its inspections and verification regime is precisely what the United States should be working to put in place with North Korea. Indeed, at a time when we are all rooting for diplomacy with North Korea to succeed, walking away from the JCPOA risks losing a deal that accomplishes – with Iran – the very outcome that we are pursuing with the North Koreans. 
That is why today’s announcement is so misguided. Walking away from the JCPOA turns our back on America’s closest allies, and an agreement that our country’s leading diplomats, scientists, and intelligence professionals negotiated. In a democracy, there will always be changes in policies and priorities from one Administration to the next. But the consistent flouting of agreements that our country is a party to risks eroding America’s credibility, and puts us at odds with the world’s major powers.
Debates in our country should be informed by facts, especially debates that have proven to be divisive. So it’s important to review several facts about the JCPOA.
First, the JCPOA was not just an agreement between my Administration and the Iranian government. After years of building an international coalition that could impose crippling sanctions on Iran, we reached the JCPOA together with the United Kingdom, France, Germany, the European Union, Russia, China, and Iran. It is a multilateral arms control deal, unanimously endorsed by a United Nations Security Council Resolution. 
Second, the JCPOA has worked in rolling back Iran’s nuclear program. For decades, Iran had steadily advanced its nuclear program, approaching the point where they could rapidly produce enough fissile material to build a bomb. The JCPOA put a lid on that breakout capacity. Since the JCPOA was implemented, Iran has destroyed the core of a reactor that could have produced weapons-grade plutonium; removed two-thirds of its centrifuges (over 13,000) and placed them under international monitoring; and eliminated 97 percent of its stockpile of enriched uranium – the raw materials necessary for a bomb. So by any measure, the JCPOA has imposed strict limitations on Iran's nuclear program and achieved real results. 
Third, the JCPOA does not rely on trust – it is rooted in the most far-reaching inspections and verification regime ever negotiated in an arms control deal. Iran’s nuclear facilities are strictly monitored. International monitors also have access to Iran’s entire nuclear supply chain, so that we can catch them if they cheat. Without the JCPOA, this monitoring and inspections regime would go away. 
Fourth, Iran is complying with the JCPOA. That was not simply the view of my Administration. The United States intelligence community has continued to find that Iran is meeting its responsibilities under the deal, and has reported as much to Congress. So have our closest allies, and the international agency responsible for verifying Iranian compliance – the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). 
Fifth, the JCPOA does not expire. The prohibition on Iran ever obtaining a nuclear weapon is permanent. Some of the most important and intrusive inspections codified by the JCPOA are permanent. Even as some of the provisions in the JCPOA do become less strict with time, this won’t happen until ten, fifteen, twenty, or twenty-five years into the deal, so there is little reason to put those restrictions at risk today.
Finally, the JCPOA was never intended to solve all of our problems with Iran. We were clear-eyed that Iran engages in destabilizing behavior – including support for terrorism, and threats toward Israel and its neighbors. But that’s precisely why it was so important that we prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. Every aspect of Iranian behavior that is troubling is far more dangerous if their nuclear program is unconstrained. Our ability to confront Iran’s destabilizing behavior – and to sustain a unity of purpose with our allies – is strengthened with the JCPOA, and weakened without it. 
Because of these facts, I believe that the decision to put the JCPOA at risk without any Iranian violation of the deal is a serious mistake. Without the JCPOA, the United States could eventually be left with a losing choice between a nuclear-armed Iran or another war in the Middle East. We all know the dangers of Iran obtaining a nuclear weapon. It could embolden an already dangerous regime; threaten our friends with destruction; pose unacceptable dangers to America’s own security; and trigger an arms race in the world’s most dangerous region. If the constraints on Iran’s nuclear program under the JCPOA are lost, we could be hastening the day when we are faced with the choice between living with that threat, or going to war to prevent it. 
In a dangerous world, America must be able to rely in part on strong, principled diplomacy to secure our country. We have been safer in the years since we achieved the JCPOA, thanks in part to the work of our diplomats, many members of Congress, and our allies. Going forward, I hope that Americans continue to speak out in support of the kind of strong, principled, fact-based, and unifying leadership that can best secure our country and uphold our responsibilities around the globe."
Each one of these 20 young people has impressed me in their own unique way. Through their work around the world—from India to El Salvador to my hometown of Chicago—they’ve collaborated with their communities to work towards solving some of the greatest challenges of our time. Fellows, I couldn’t be more excited to see the ways your work will continue to change the world we live in. Welcome to the team.
"This week, 50 years after Martin Luther King, Jr. was killed on his hotel balcony in Memphis, I spent a few hours in Washington, D.C. with my friend Congressman John Lewis and a group of young men for a My Brother's Keeper Alliance roundtable. 
During our time together, we reflected on Dr. King’s remarkable legacy – his teachings of nonviolence, his moral urgency, the courage and strength required to stand up for what you believe in, especially when it’s hard.
John and I weren’t there to lecture these young men. Their generation already knows about justice and fairness, right and wrong, the world as it is and the world as it should be. 
We were there to share our experiences across three generations, to ask questions, and to learn from each other. My thanks to John and these young men for participating in this conversation and for teaching me so much."
Our most important task as a country is to make sure our young people can go as far as their dreams and hard work will take them. Four years ago, My Brother's Keeper was created to help boys and young men of color get the support and guidance all of our kids should have. This is something I will be invested in for the rest of my life, and I look forward to continuing the journey with all of you.
"Today, Kehinde Wiley and Amy Sherald became the first black artists to create official presidential portraits for the Smithsonian. To call this experience humbling would be an understatement. 
Thanks to Kehinde and Amy, generations of Americans — and young people from all around the world — will visit the National Portrait Gallery and see this country through a new lens. They’ll walk out of that museum with a better sense of the America we all love. Clear-eyed. Big-hearted. Inclusive and optimistic.  And I hope they’ll walk out more empowered to go and change their worlds."
"This month, we tell the stories of a special set of heroes: The African American community organizers and active citizens who have, throughout our history, brought people together in pursuit of a more just, inclusive, and generous America. The pioneers who challenged us to dream bigger.
C.T. Vivian is one of those heroes. A Baptist minister, C.T. Vivian was one of Dr. King’s closest advisors. “Martin taught us,” he says, “that it’s in the action that we find out who we really are.” And time and again, Reverend Vivian was among the first to be in the action. In 1947, he joined a sit-in to integrate an Illinois restaurant. He was one of the first Freedom Riders. In Selma, he stood on the courthouse steps to register blacks to vote -- and was beaten, bloodied and jailed for it. In standing up, he helped inspire a young woman to sit down and hold her ground. Her name was Rosa Parks. She said of him, “Even after things had supposedly been taken care of and we had our rights, he was still out there, inspiring the next generation, including me.”
And me. Without the sacrifices and hard-won battles of folks like C.T. Vivian, I may have never had the honor to serve as your president.
And that’s the beauty of this nation: Each new generation stands on the successes of the last -- and reaches up to bend the arc of history in the direction of more freedom, more opportunity, more justice.
As we continue to reflect on the sacrifices and contributions made by generations of African Americans this month, let us resolve to continue our march toward a day when every person knows the unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."
"Over the course of the past year, Michelle and I have been working with an extraordinary team to dream up a campus for active citizenship on Chicago’s South Side: The Obama Presidential Center. 
Today, we’re taking a significant step forward and I wanted to share the very latest: Obama.org/The-Center"
"During my presidency, I started a tradition of sharing my reading lists and playlists. It was a nice way to reflect on the works that resonated with me and lift up authors and artists from around the world. With some extra time on my hands this year to catch up, I wanted to share the books and music that I enjoyed most. From songs that got me moving to stories that inspired me, here's my 2017 list — I hope you enjoy it and have a happy and healthy New Year. 
The best books I read in 2017:
The Power by Naomi Alderman
Grant by Ron Chernow
Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City by Matthew Desmond 
Janesville: An American Story by Amy Goldstein
Exit West by Mohsin Hamid 
Five-Carat Soul by James McBride 
Anything Is Possible by Elizabeth Strout
Dying: A Memoir by Cory Taylor
A Gentleman in Moscow by Amor Towles
Sing, Unburied, Sing by Jesmyn Ward
*Bonus for hoops fans: Coach Wooden and Me by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Basketball (and Other Things) by Shea Serrano
My favorite songs of 2017:
Mi Gente by J Balvin & Willy William 
Havana by Camila Cabello (feat. Young Thug)
Blessed by Daniel Caesar 
The Joke by Brandi Carlile
First World Problems by Chance The Rapper (feat. Daniel Caesar)
Rise Up by Andra Day
Wild Thoughts by DJ Khaled (feat. Rihanna and Bryson Tiller)
Family Feud by Jay-Z (feat. Beyoncé)
Humble by Kendrick Lamar
La Dame et Ses Valises by Les Amazones d’Afrique (feat. Nneka)
Unforgettable by French Montana (feat. Swae Lee)
The System Only Dreams in Total Darkness by The National
Chanel by Frank Ocean 
Feel It Still by Portugal. The Man
Butterfly Effect by Travis Scott
Matter of Time by Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings
Little Bit by Mavis Staples
Millionaire by Chris Stapleton
Sign of the Times by Harry Styles 
Broken Clocks by SZA
Ordinary Love (Extraordinary Mix) by U2
*Bonus: Born in the U.S.A. by Bruce Springsteen (not out yet, but the blues version in his Broadway show is the best!)"
On behalf of the Obama family, Merry Christmas! We wish you joy and peace this holiday season.
Wearing a Santa hat helps, too.
"I just got off a call to say thanks to folks who are working hard to help Americans around the country sign up for health care. But it's up to all of us to help to spread the word and tell people they can sign up through this Friday at HealthCare.gov or 1-800-318-2596.
Every plan that you can shop for right now includes free preventive care, like checkups, mammograms, and contraceptive care. There are no more annual or lifetime limits on the essential care you receive. And insurers can't discriminate against you if you've got a preexisting condition. Plus, most people can find plans with monthly premiums under $75.
Don't delay — head over to HealthCare.gov and check out your options."
I’m about to join a town hall with young people from all over India who are charting the course for a better future. I hope you’ll tune in.
From the Obama family to yours, we wish you a Happy Thanksgiving full of joy and gratitude.
"Yesterday, I dropped by a service project in Northeast D.C., where a group of veterans were fixing up a public housing project. Just think about that for a moment. On a day dedicated to honoring their sacrifice, these veterans chose to honor their fellow citizens. They chose to roll up their sleeves and ask, “Now, what else can I do?” 
Today is a day to honor those who have honored our country with its highest form of service. We owe our veterans our thanks. Our respect. Our freedom. Today, we humbly acknowledge that we can never truly serve our veterans in quite the same way that they served us. But we can try. We can practice kindness. We can volunteer. We can serve. We can respect one another. We can have each other’s backs. We can ask, “Now, what else can I do?”"
Starting today, you can sign up for 2018 health coverage. Head on over to HealthCare.gov and find a plan that meets your needs and your budget. And spread the word so your friends and family can, too.
Tonight, the ex-Presidents are getting together in Texas to support all our fellow Americans rebuilding from this year’s hurricanes. Join us. Tune in and find out how you can help at OneAmericaAppeal.org.
I feel lucky to spend time with young leaders like these. Keep up the good work, São Paulo.
When I left office, I told you all that the single most important thing I could do would be to help prepare the next generation of leaders to take their own crack at changing the world. The Obama Foundation Fellows program is looking to do just that -- train and support civic innovators who are solving problems in their communities in creative and powerful ways. Apply to join our inaugural class of twenty Fellows by Friday, October 6th: www.Obama.org/Fellowship
I dropped in on Michelle’s talk at the Pennsylvania Conference for Women to deliver a message on our 25th wedding anniversary. Asking you to go out with me is the best decision I ever made. I love you, Michelle.
Michelle and I want the Obama Foundation to inspire and empower people to change the world. Here's how we're getting started this fall - I hope you'll be a part of it.
"America’s long journey towards equality has been guided by countless small acts of persistence, and fueled by the stubborn willingness of quiet heroes to speak out for what’s right. 
Few were as small in stature as Edie Windsor – and few made as big a difference to America.
I had the privilege to speak with Edie a few days ago, and to tell her one more time what a difference she made to this country we love.  She was engaged to her partner, Thea, for forty years.  After a wedding in Canada, they were married for less than two.  But federal law didn’t recognize a marriage like theirs as valid – which meant that they were denied certain federal rights and benefits that other married couples enjoyed.  And when Thea passed away, Edie spoke up – not for special treatment, but for equal treatment – so that other legally married same-sex couples could enjoy the same federal rights and benefits as anyone else.
In my second inaugural address, I said that if we are truly created equal, then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well.  And because people like Edie stood up, my administration stopped defending the so-called Defense of Marriage Act in the courts.  The day that the Supreme Court issued its 2013 ruling in United States v. Windsor was a great day for Edie, and a great day for America – a victory for human decency, equality, freedom, and justice.  And I called Edie that day to congratulate her.
Two years later, to the day, we took another step forward on our journey as the Supreme Court recognized a Constitutional guarantee of marriage equality.  It was a victory for families, and for the principle that all of us should be treated equally, regardless of who we are or who we love.
I thought about Edie that day.  I thought about all the millions of quiet heroes across the decades whose countless small acts of courage slowly made an entire country realize that love is love – and who, in the process, made us all more free.  They deserve our gratitude.  And so does Edie.
Michelle and I offer our condolences to her wife, Judith, and to all who loved and looked up to Edie Windsor."
Americans always answer the call. OneAmericaAppeal.org
"Immigration can be a controversial topic. We all want safe, secure borders and a dynamic economy, and people of goodwill can have legitimate disagreements about how to fix our immigration system so that everybody plays by the rules.
But that’s not what the action that the White House took today is about. This is about young people who grew up in America – kids who study in our schools, young adults who are starting careers, patriots who pledge allegiance to our flag. These Dreamers are Americans in their hearts, in their minds, in every single way but one: on paper. They were brought to this country by their parents, sometimes even as infants. They may not know a country besides ours. They may not even know a language besides English. They often have no idea they’re undocumented until they apply for a job, or college, or a driver’s license.
Over the years, politicians of both parties have worked together to write legislation that would have told these young people – our young people – that if your parents brought you here as a child, if you’ve been here a certain number of years, and if you’re willing to go to college or serve in our military, then you’ll get a chance to stay and earn your citizenship. And for years while I was President, I asked Congress to send me such a bill.
That bill never came. And because it made no sense to expel talented, driven, patriotic young people from the only country they know solely because of the actions of their parents, my administration acted to lift the shadow of deportation from these young people, so that they could continue to contribute to our communities and our country. We did so based on the well-established legal principle of prosecutorial discretion, deployed by Democratic and Republican presidents alike, because our immigration enforcement agencies have limited resources, and it makes sense to focus those resources on those who come illegally to this country to do us harm. Deportations of criminals went up. Some 800,000 young people stepped forward, met rigorous requirements, and went through background checks. And America grew stronger as a result.
But today, that shadow has been cast over some of our best and brightest young people once again. To target these young people is wrong – because they have done nothing wrong. It is self-defeating – because they want to start new businesses, staff our labs, serve in our military, and otherwise contribute to the country we love. And it is cruel. What if our kid’s science teacher, or our friendly neighbor turns out to be a Dreamer? Where are we supposed to send her? To a country she doesn’t know or remember, with a language she may not even speak?
Let’s be clear: the action taken today isn’t required legally. It’s a political decision, and a moral question. Whatever concerns or complaints Americans may have about immigration in general, we shouldn’t threaten the future of this group of young people who are here through no fault of their own, who pose no threat, who are not taking away anything from the rest of us. They are that pitcher on our kid’s softball team, that first responder who helps out his community after a disaster, that cadet in ROTC who wants nothing more than to wear the uniform of the country that gave him a chance. Kicking them out won’t lower the unemployment rate, or lighten anyone’s taxes, or raise anybody’s wages.
It is precisely because this action is contrary to our spirit, and to common sense, that business leaders, faith leaders, economists, and Americans of all political stripes called on the administration not to do what it did today. And now that the White House has shifted its responsibility for these young people to Congress, it’s up to Members of Congress to protect these young people and our future. I’m heartened by those who’ve suggested that they should. And I join my voice with the majority of Americans who hope they step up and do it with a sense of moral urgency that matches the urgency these young people feel.
Ultimately, this is about basic decency. This is about whether we are a people who kick hopeful young strivers out of America, or whether we treat them the way we’d want our own kids to be treated. It’s about who we are as a people – and who we want to be.
What makes us American is not a question of what we look like, or where our names come from, or the way we pray. What makes us American is our fidelity to a set of ideals – that all of us are created equal; that all of us deserve the chance to make of our lives what we will; that all of us share an obligation to stand up, speak out, and secure our most cherished values for the next generation. That’s how America has traveled this far. That’s how, if we keep at it, we will ultimately reach that more perfect union."
More ways to help Houston:
"Our politics are divided.  They have been for a long time.  And while I know that division makes it difficult to listen to Americans with whom we disagree, that’s what we need to do today.
I recognize that repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act has become a core tenet of the Republican Party.  Still, I hope that our Senators, many of whom I know well, step back and measure what’s really at stake, and consider that the rationale for action, on health care or any other issue, must be something more than simply undoing something that Democrats did. 
We didn’t fight for the Affordable Care Act for more than a year in the public square for any personal or political gain – we fought for it because we knew it would save lives, prevent financial misery, and ultimately set this country we love on a better, healthier course. 
Nor did we fight for it alone.  Thousands upon thousands of Americans, including Republicans, threw themselves into that collective effort, not for political reasons, but for intensely personal ones – a sick child, a parent lost to cancer, the memory of medical bills that threatened to derail their dreams.
And you made a difference.  For the first time, more than ninety percent of Americans know the security of health insurance.  Health care costs, while still rising, have been rising at the slowest pace in fifty years.  Women can’t be charged more for their insurance, young adults can stay on their parents’ plan until they turn 26, contraceptive care and preventive care are now free.  Paying more, or being denied insurance altogether due to a preexisting condition – we made that a thing of the past. 
We did these things together.  So many of you made that change possible.
At the same time, I was careful to say again and again that while the Affordable Care Act represented a significant step forward for America, it was not perfect, nor could it be the end of our efforts – and that if Republicans could put together a plan that is demonstrably better than the improvements we made to our health care system, that covers as many people at less cost, I would gladly and publicly support it. 
That remains true.  So I still hope that there are enough Republicans in Congress who remember that public service is not about sport or notching a political win, that there’s a reason we all chose to serve in the first place, and that hopefully, it’s to make people’s lives better, not worse. 
But right now, after eight years, the legislation rushed through the House and the Senate without public hearings or debate would do the opposite.  It would raise costs, reduce coverage, roll back protections, and ruin Medicaid as we know it.  That’s not my opinion, but rather the conclusion of all objective analyses, from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which found that 23 million Americans would lose insurance, to America’s doctors, nurses, and hospitals on the front lines of our health care system.
The Senate bill, unveiled today, is not a health care bill.  It’s a massive transfer of wealth from middle-class and poor families to the richest people in America.  It hands enormous tax cuts to the rich and to the drug and insurance industries, paid for by cutting health care for everybody else.  Those with private insurance will experience higher premiums and higher deductibles, with lower tax credits to help working families cover the costs, even as their plans might no longer cover pregnancy, mental health care, or expensive prescriptions.  Discrimination based on pre-existing conditions could become the norm again.  Millions of families will lose coverage entirely. 
Simply put, if there’s a chance you might get sick, get old, or start a family – this bill will do you harm.  And small tweaks over the course of the next couple weeks, under the guise of making these bills easier to stomach, cannot change the fundamental meanness at the core of this legislation.
I hope our Senators ask themselves – what will happen to the Americans grappling with opioid addiction who suddenly lose their coverage?  What will happen to pregnant mothers, children with disabilities, poor adults and seniors who need long-term care once they can no longer count on Medicaid?  What will happen if you have a medical emergency when insurance companies are once again allowed to exclude the benefits you need, send you unlimited bills, or set unaffordable deductibles?  What impossible choices will working parents be forced to make if their child’s cancer treatment costs them more than their life savings?
To put the American people through that pain – while giving billionaires and corporations a massive tax cut in return – that’s tough to fathom.  But it’s what’s at stake right now.  So it remains my fervent hope that we step back and try to deliver on what the American people need. 
That might take some time and compromise between Democrats and Republicans.  But I believe that’s what people want to see.  I believe it would demonstrate the kind of leadership that appeals to Americans across party lines.  And I believe that it’s possible – if you are willing to make a difference again.  If you’re willing to call your members of Congress.  If you are willing to visit their offices.  If you are willing to speak out, let them and the country know, in very real terms, what this means for you and your family.
After all, this debate has always been about something bigger than politics.  It’s about the character of our country – who we are, and who we aspire to be.  And that’s always worth fighting for."
"Tonight at 9 p.m. Eastern Time, President Obama delivers his farewell address in Chicago.
Don't miss it."
"Our goal wasn't just to make sure more people have coverage—it was to make sure more people have better coverage." —President Obama
"Today marks a crucial step forward in the fight against climate change, as the historic Paris Climate Agreement officially enters into force. 
Let's keep pushing for progress."
The economic progress we're making is undeniable—and it's up to all of us to keep building an economy that works for all Americans.
Obamacare was designed on the principle that health care coverage that's affordable, accessible to all, and free from discrimination should be a right, not a privilege. We can't afford to let opponents roll that back.
Millions of Americans are benefiting from Obamacare.
Gracias al Obamacare, es más fácil mantenerse sano con cuidado preventivo.
Open enrollment is back—but only for a limited time.
"Don't be spooked by the headlines—with financial assistance, most people can find coverage for $75 or less. 
The health care marketplace opens back up tomorrow."
Think anyone can top baby Pope this year?
Team Obamacare is pushing back against misinformation and fighting for quality, affordable health care for all Americans.
The marketplace opens tomorrow. Are you and your family covered?
The facts matter. Organizing for Action's Truth Team will deliver them straight to your inbox. http://ofa.bo/2eVnCn5
We must continue to invest in an economy that works for everyone, and not just those at the top. http://ofa.bo/2dLV2H0
"According to a new report, renewable energy will be the world’s fastest-growing source of electricity over the next five years.
This is another great example of how the U.S. is helping lead the fight to act on climate."
Open enrollment starts on November 1.
Face time.
This sun is still rising.
Your voice is powerful. Never stop using it.
The Affordable Care Act has helped millions of Americans gain the security and peace of mind that comes with being covered.
Team Obamacare is making sure millions of Americans stay informed and get covered.
Senate leaders continue to stand in the way of a fair Supreme Court nomination process. They need to fulfill their responsibility to the Court and the American people.
2016 has been a big year for global efforts in the fight against climate change.
The choice between protecting our planet and building a strong economy is a false one.
Education is power—that's why First Lady Michelle Obama is fighting to make sure girls across the globe have access to it.
The record-breaking heat we've been seeing year after year is contributing to the number of fires that break out, the acreage that burns, and the duration of the season.
We're seeing big progress in the fight against climate change—but we can't slow down the push for action now.
Countries across the globe have united in a groundbreaking agreement to fight climate change—that's what meaningful progress looks like.
"I’m hopeful that tomorrow’s Americans will be able to look back at what we did—the diseases we conquered, the social problems we solved, the planet we protected for them—and when they see all that, they’ll plainly see that theirs is the best time to be alive."
Another day has gone by without the hearing Judge Garland deserves. Senate leaders' refusal to fill the Supreme Court vacancy is unacceptable.
Senate leaders continue to stand in the way of a fair Supreme Court nomination process. They need to fulfill their responsibility to the Court and the American people.
"""You know, I think that change happens typically not because somebody on high decides it’s going to happen, but rather because at a grassroots level enough people come together that they force the system to change."" —President Obama
Watch the President speak at a town hall at North Carolina A&T State University in Greensboro. http://ofa.bo/2dcZtW5"
"When many seats on the bench are empty and caseloads are heavy, justice is delayed."
America's economic progress, challenges, and opportunities—straight from the President's desk.
We can't afford to slow down our efforts to fight against climate change.
"No American family should be trapped by high-cost loans that they can't escape.
That's why the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) is working on tough rules to rein in payday lenders' predatory practices—and they're taking public comments through the end of the day today."
Unfair, predatory practices have no place in an economy that works for all Americans.
"Today the world meets the moment.” —President Obama
This chart shows just how significantly the cost of clean energy technology has declined since President Obama took office.
This is our best possible shot to save the planet from the devastating effects of climate change.
By blocking a Supreme Court nominee, Senate obstructionists have indefinitely delayed critical decisions that affect millions of Americans. Senate leaders need to stop treating the vacancy like a game. http://ofa.bo/2du4cWe
We've got to make sure that our economy works for everyone.
Fighting the big fights can be a lot of work. Stay hydrated. http://ofa.bo/2dbTce0
Dancing through 24 years. Happy Anniversary.
"Paid sick leave isn’t a side issue, or a women’s issue, or something that’s just nice to have. It’s a must-have. By the way, so are economic priorities like child care, paid family leave, equal pay, and a higher minimum wage. We need a Congress that will act on all these issues." —President Obama
This is crucial progress in the push for better workplace policies.
This is not how to treat your country with respect. http://ofa.bo/2d1UbNK
The United States is the only developed country that doesn’t have a national paid sick leave requirement. President Obama is trying to change that.
Judge Garland has had overwhelming bipartisan support in the past—even from senators who are currently obstructing his confirmation.
This is good news. We've got to keep building on this progress to make sure our economy works for everyone—not just those at the top.
Our economy is getting stronger, with a growing middle class and a shrinking number of Americans now living below the poverty line.
"There's a lot of misinformation out there—and it shouldn't go unchallenged.
Organizing for Action's Truth Team delivers the facts straight to your inbox."
According to a new report, climate change is likely to pose a threat to national security—we can't afford to deny it.
The work we do to fight climate change is more important and urgent than ever.
"Such a lengthy period of record-setting warmth is unprecedented in 137 years of temperature observation."
It's been more than six months, and Senate leaders are still refusing to give Judge Garland a fair hearing. This obstruction is unprecedented, and it needs to end.
Judge Garland received the American Bar Association's highest possible rating. Senate leaders should at least give him a fair hearing.
"In the words of a champion for climate action: ""We are the first generation to feel the sting of climate change, and we are the last generation that can do something about it."" 
What kind of future we leave for our children depends on the work we do today."
"The Supreme Court still has a vacant seat.
President Obama's nominee is still waiting for a hearing."
American leadership on the global stage has helped create progress like the Paris Climate Agreement and the Iran nuclear deal. http://ofa.bo/2cO62BY
The Senate leadership's partisan obstruction has gone too far. Six months of refusing to fill the Supreme Court vacancy is unacceptable.
For half a year, Senate leaders have refused to hold a hearing on one of the most qualified Supreme Court nominees in history. They're putting politics first.
President Obama continues his work on conservation, protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the coast of New England.
"""There should not be an empty seat on the bench when the Supreme Court convenes on the first Monday in October.""
Senator Leahy calls on his colleagues to correct the course of their unprecedented obstruction and consider Chief Judge Garland's nomination to the Supreme Court."
We have to keep building on the progress we've made in tackling climate change.
America does best when the economy grows from the middle out.
A declining poverty rate and a stronger middle class—that's how to build a stronger America.
Solar power continues to gain traction across the country. Read how this important industry is growing.
We have to keep building on the progress we've made in tackling climate change.
There's still time to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote, Senate leaders.
A helpful guide.
The Paris Climate Agreement is now a step closer to going into effect. But we can't stop there.
Thanks to Obamacare, millions of Americans have gained quality, affordable health care—and the uninsured rate has now dropped to a historic low. http://ofa.bo/2bW7qOO
Speak out. Organize. Inspire. http://ofa.bo/2cm4dO0
By formally joining the Paris Climate Agreement, we send a message to the rest of the world: We are ready to act on climate.
Senate leaders are back from recess now, and they have the opportunity to get important work done—like giving Judge Garland a hearing.
"Healthy and diverse lands and waters help us build resilience to climate change." —President Obama
"""When workers raise their voices for a fair wage and dignity in the workplace, they sustain the story of America: the idea that if you work hard, you should be able to get ahead, retire with dignity, and leave something behind for the next generation."" —President Obama
Check out President Obama's open letter to American workers on Labor Day: http://ofa.bo/2bO7eRK"
"""Their efforts are why we can enjoy things like the 40-hour work week, overtime pay, and a minimum wage. Their efforts are why we can depend on health insurance, Social Security, Medicare, and retirement plans."" —President Obama.
Watch the weekly address."
It's time to put politics aside and get to work.
Over the last eight years, we have built a stronger economy that works better for the American people.
The Constitution is the law of the land. Senate leaders should not ignore it.
The Senate returns from recess next week. Filling the Supreme Court vacancy should be at the top of their to-do list.
The American people deserve more than a gridlocked judicial system. Senate leaders, it's time to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.
The Senate returns from recess next week. Filling the Supreme Court vacancy should be at the top of their to-do list.
Willfully impairing our democracy's ability to function properly shouldn't be something to brag about.
Show them what you're organizing for. http://ofa.bo/2bMVxva
President Obama has more than doubled the number of acres of land and water protected by any other U.S. president.
When women succeed, America succeeds.
We've come a long way, but there's still work to do to make sure our daughters have the same opportunities as our sons.
"Our national parks are part of our collective cultural history, and President Obama has protected another 22 sites since 2008. 
Happy 100th birthday to the National Park Service."
Today, on the 100th birthday of the National Park Service, let's recommit to safeguarding our nation's natural treasures for generations to come.
Judge Merrick Garland should be no different.
We've come so far, but there's more work to do.
Whether in your neighborhood or beyond—organize.
Global temperatures are steadily rising with no signs of slowing down. Denying climate change is dangerous.
"While deniers try to stall progress in the fight against climate change, we continue to break global heat records. 
We can't afford not to act now."
New efficiency standards for heavy-duty trucks will improve air quality and lower fuel costs—all while combating climate change. http://ofa.bo/2b4UINC
Republicans in the Senate are willfully obstructing a fully functioning judicial branch.
Congress needs to stand up to the gun lobby and vote on common-sense legislation—for the victims of gun violence, for their families, and for all our communities. http://ofa.bo/2b1N3jf
Ignoring America's gun violence epidemic is unacceptable. We must keep the pressure on congressional leaders to do something.
"It's been more than 150 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland.
Senate leaders: Do your jobs."
For a record-breaking 153 days, Senate obstructionists have refused to hold a hearing for one of the most well qualified Supreme Court nominees in U.S. history. That's unacceptable.
Protecting access to affordable health care, economic opportunity, and equal pay for women makes a difference for everyone.
Gender equality in the 21st century has come a long way, but there's still work to be done.
"""There’s still much more to do. But there’s no doubt that America has become a global leader in the fight against climate change. Last year, that leadership helped us bring nearly 200 nations together in Paris around the most ambitious agreement in history to save the one planet we’ve got. That’s not something to tear up—it’s something to build upon."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
The Clean Power Plan is a significant step in combating climate change—and we need to keep moving forward.
We are the only industrialized nation that doesn't guarantee workers paid family leave. It's time to catch up.
Never lose hope.
Some of the same senators actively trying to block Judge Garland from the Supreme Court supported him in the past.
The American people deserve a fully functioning Supreme Court.
Share the news: Under President Obama, we've cut the deficit significantly since 2009.
Improving energy efficiency saves American families money and fights climate change—and President Obama has made it a priority.
Senate leaders aren't taking their responsibility seriously enough. The Supreme Court needs nine justices.
The Supreme Court is too important to be used as a tool for political gamesmanship.
"In the weekly address, President Obama wishes our Olympic athletes well:
""To all of our Olympic and Paralympic athletes wearing the red, white, and blue—know that your country couldn’t be prouder of you. We admire all the work you’ve done to get to Rio and everything you’ll do there. Thank you for showing the world the best of America. And know that when you get up on that podium, we’ll be singing the National Anthem—and maybe even shedding a tear—right alongside you. 
 ""Now go bring home the gold!"" —President Obama"
Together, we're creating more opportunities for all Americans.
This is great news—but we can do more to make sure our economy works for everyone.
One last time.
"""There’s still a lot of work we need to do to improve the prospects of women and girls here and around the world. And while I’ll keep working on good policies—from equal pay for equal work to protecting reproductive rights—there are some changes that have nothing to do with passing new laws.
""In fact, the most important change may be the toughest of all—and that’s changing ourselves."" —President Obama"
It's President Obama's last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Let's make it count. http://ofa.bo/2axqWqc
Our 44th President is turning 55 tomorrow. http://ofa.bo/2ame3JV
"Ninety-seven percent of climate scientists agree that climate change is real and man-made—and the Clean Power Plan is a bold step to address it. 
But deniers still want to hold that progress back."
The Clean Power Plan helped pave the way for the historic Paris Climate Agreement—the first-ever global climate deal.
"Statistics show that people who have the most birthdays live the longest.
Make sure to sign the card and wish President Obama a happy birthday: http://ofa.bo/2aGCRim"
This is about basic respect for our democratic process. Senate leaders need to stop playing games with our Supreme Court and give Judge Garland a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.
President Obama's last birthday in office is coming up—send your best wishes.
The Affordable Care Act is working, it's costing way less than expected—and despite wanting to repeal it, Republican leaders still have no real alternative.
Show President Obama some birthday love for eight sweet years of progress. http://ofa.bo/2ach4MP
"""If Republican senators fail to act, it could be an entire year before a fully staffed Supreme Court can resolve any significant issue before it. Folks, there’s enough dysfunction in Washington, D.C. Now is not the time for it to spread to the Supreme Court."" —Vice President Biden
Watch the weekly address."
Cheers to 55—and to many more.
Millions of people now have the security of health insurance, thanks to Obamacare.
Thanks to people like you demanding change, millions of Americans now have access to health care.
Change looks good on you.
Climate change is a challenge we can solve if we work together and take the bold action needed.
Tackling climate change is going to take all of us pushing for action.
Too many American lives are cut short each year by guns. Congress needs to act.
We shouldn't accept this as normal.
"It's been a record-breaking 131 days since Judge Garland was nominated to the Supreme Court, and Senate leaders are still refusing to give him a hearing and up-or-down vote. 
They need to take their constitutional responsibility seriously."
Thanks, Obamacare.
"""Our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis. Since we dug out from the worst of it, our businesses have added almost 15 million new jobs."" —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address."
Thanks to President Obama's new initiative, solar panels will be within reach for millions of Americans.
The streak of broken heat records continued in June.
Judge Garland is extremely qualified. Senate obstructionists need to stop playing political games with the Supreme Court, and give him a fair hearing.
Senate leaders need to do their jobs and give Judge Merrick Garland a hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.
In The Wall Street Journal today, President Obama is calling on Senate leaders to do their jobs and stop obstructing our Supreme Court.
We've seen important progress over the last seven years—but there's still more to do to make sure our economy works for everyone.
Watch President Obama's full remarks at yesterday's memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.
Watch President Obama's full remarks at yesterday's memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas.
Enjoy the fireworks. Happy Fourth of July.
"""To all our brave men and women in uniform: you represent the best of who we are as a nation. On this day and every day, we thank you."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Since Obamacare passed, experts are projecting significantly lower spending on health care than they originally expected—all while reducing the uninsured rate.
The vast majority of Americans agree: It's time for Congress to do something.
LAST CALL: Make your move before the fundraising deadline—chip in now.
We can't accept our country's current level of gun violence as normal. We need to keep pushing for Congress to do something about it.
It's the final stretch of OFA's fundraising deadline—can you chip in?
Today, Canada and Mexico join the United States in an ambitious commitment to cut pollution and build a more efficient and sustainable continent.
We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote.
Eight justices isn't enough.
You can help drive this movement forward.
"The arc of our history is clear—it’s an arc of progress." —President Obama
This is a win for women's reproductive rights.
Celebrate the progress we've made together—and recommit to the fight for full equality for LGBT Americans.
We've made big strides toward equality, but the work to end discrimination against the LGBT community isn't over. http://ofa.bo/vbV
One year ago today, the Supreme Court made our country a little more equal for millions of Americans.
"""One year ago this weekend, we lit the White House in every color—because in every state in America, you’re now free to marry the person you love. There’s still work to do. As we saw two weeks ago in Orlando, the LGBT community still faces real discrimination, real violence, real hate. So we can’t rest. We’ve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Senate leaders' refusal to do their jobs is affecting our entire judicial system. This obstruction is unacceptable.
Enough is enough. Demand common-sense legislation from Congress. http://ofa.bo/d65U
Enough is enough. We need Congress to serve the American people and pass common-sense gun legislation.
The fight for immigration reform needs your voice—and long-term solutions from Congress to strengthen American communities. http://ofa.bo/jAGj
Based on his merits alone, Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing in the Senate.
This is the only planet we've got, and we have to do everything we can to protect it—including action to fight climate change.
This weekend, President Obama explored Yosemite National Park with National Geographic and discussed the importance of fighting climate change.
To all the dads out there, thanks for all you do. Happy Father's Day.
"""If we’re going to raise our kids in a safer, more loving world, we need to speak up for it. We need our kids to hear us speak up about the risks guns pose to our communities, and against a status quo that doesn’t make sense.""  —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
People across the world came together this week to show solidarity with the LGBT community. http://ofa.bo/e63m
#OrlandoUnited
We've made so much progress together in the last eight years, but there's still work to do to end discrimination against the LGBT community. http://ofa.bo/vaG
This month, we stand with the LGBT community and all who believe in true equality.
"In every one of the 103 instances that mirror the current state of affairs, the president has been able to appoint a Justice to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court — without a single exception." http://ofa.bo/iAIJ
"The lowest uninsured rate ever recorded.
An unemployment rate below five percent.
And the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record.
All while cutting the deficit by two-thirds."
We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote. http://ofa.bo/waE
Because Senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the Supreme Court can't fully do its job. It's time for a fair hearing for Judge Merrick Garland.
"[I] chose a career in law. Specifically a career devoted to building the kind of faith in the rule of law that civil society depends on." Watch Judge Garland talk about his life in public service. http://ofa.bo/d62F
Too many people in the U.S. have their lives cut short by gun violence. Congress needs to do something to make our communities safer. http://ofa.bo/wZZ
Too many lives are cut short by gun violence. On National Gun Violence Awareness Day, Americans across the country are speaking up to ask Congress to act.
DEADLINE: This is your last chance to enter. What are you waiting for? http://ofa.bo/c60s
At the peak of the recession seven years ago, we were shedding nearly 800,000 jobs a month. Today, our economy has made a big comeback.
This could be an experience you'll never forget. http://ofa.bo/yYf
The overwhelming majority of Obamacare customers are satisfied with their coverage. http://ofa.bo/a65D
This could be an experience you'll never forget. http://ofa.bo/hAMu
"With love, grace, and reflection, let us honor our fallen fellow Americans, known and unknown, who sacrificed their freedom to ensure our own." —President Obama
"""The debt we owe our fallen heroes is one we can never truly repay. But our responsibility to remember is something we can live up to every day of the year."" —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address."
Start your summer off right—with a chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/jABl
Across the country, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders need to get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. http://ofa.bo/fAF0
This obstruction is unprecedented—and unacceptable.
We can't let partisan politics extend to the Supreme Court. It's time to give Judge Merrick Garland the basic courtesy of a hearing and an up-or-down vote: http://ofa.bo/yXH
Share if you stand with the majority of Americans who believe Judge Merrick Garland should get a fair hearing.
Don't pass up this chance to meet President Obama this summer. http://ofa.bo/gACP
More than 90 precent of Americans now have health coverage. http://ofa.bo/c5xn
Don't pass up this chance to meet President Obama this summer. http://ofa.bo/yW4
Senate leaders: Do your jobs.
"""Only seven percent of full-time salaried workers are eligible for overtime based on their income. That’s why this week, my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay they’ve earned. The Department of Labor finalized a rule to extend overtime protections to 4.2 million more Americans."" —President Barack Obama 
Watch the weekly address."
After a lifetime of public service, there's absolutely no reason for Senate leaders to deny Judge Garland a hearing and timely up-or-down vote. http://ofa.bo/a61o
"""The epitome of a careful, fair, non-partisan judge.""
""He treated every party with dignity and respect.""
""One of the greatest jurists of the past century.""
These are the kinds of things that Judge Garland's former clerks say about their former boss. http://ofa.bo/b62f"
You could be headed to Washington, D.C. this summer to meet the President. http://ofa.bo/hAJd
Climate change is happening now—and we have to do something about it. http://ofa.bo/hAJO
The new overtime rule will benefit 4.2 million American workers. http://ofa.bo/xSo
Because of the Obama administration's new overtime rule, more middle-class families will gain economic security.
"From affordable health care to marriage equality, this grassroots movement has helped create real change. 
This is your chance to tell President Obama what you're thankful for—in person. http://ofa.bo/vTa"
President Obama is taking his job seriously—that's why he put forth a highly qualified nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Now it's up to Senate leaders to do the same—and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. http://ofa.bo/z0Tb
Share if you're proud of how the U.S. is leading the fight against climate change.
The lack of action from Senate leadership on the Supreme Court vacancy is unacceptable. http://ofa.bo/d5wb
This is a big step forward in the fight to curb climate change.
This new rule will help curb methane pollution—and improve public health. http://ofa.bo/gA96
Supreme Court vacancies have been filled during election years in the past. The Senate's obstruction of Judge Garland is completely unprecedented.
This is what editorial boards across the country are saying about the Supreme Court vacancy: http://ofa.bo/hAI1
The Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy. We can't afford to have it understaffed.
No more excuses. The Senate needs to listen to the majority of Americans and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. http://ofa.bo/jA6O
Senate leaders need to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
The Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy. We can't afford to delay filling its vacancy any longer.
"""Giving flowers is always a good idea. But I hope that on this Mother’s Day, we’ll recommit ourselves to doing more than that: Through deeds that match our words, let’s give mothers the respect they deserve, give all women the equality they deserve, and give all parents the support they need in their most important roles."" —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address."
It's a classic. http://ofa.bo/d5vt
Our economy continues to grow—but we have to do more to ensure that it's working for everyone.
President Obama just commuted the sentences of 58 men and women who have earned a second chance. http://ofa.bo/z0SX
Every Supreme Court nominee in recent history received a public hearing. Judge Garland deserves the same respect. http://ofa.bo/e5u7
The obstruction of our highest court must end now.
"""But building walls to isolate ourselves from the global economy would only isolate us from the incredible opportunities it provides. Instead, America should write the rules. America should call the shots. Other countries should play by the rules that America and our partners set, and not the other way around."" —President Obama
Read more from President Obama's op-ed on the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement: http://ofa.bo/yTF"
Judge Merrick Garland was nominated more than 40 days ago—it's time to give him the hearing he deserves. http://ofa.bo/fA9c
America has made huge strides in securing a healthier future for our families and our communities. We can't let climate change deniers reverse that progress. http://ofa.bo/xRI
"""For over 40 years, there’s been an average of 67 days between a nomination and a hearing. This time should be no different. This is not about partisan politics—it’s about upholding the institutions that make our democracy work."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
We can't afford for obstructionism from Senate leaders to spread to our courts. http://ofa.bo/wT5
The Clean Power Plan is a key part of U.S. leadership in fighting climate change.
"Taft.
Wilson.
Hoover.
Roosevelt.
Eisenhower.
Reagan.
They all filled Supreme Court vacancies in an election year since 1900. The Senate's obstruction of President Obama's nominee is completely unprecedented."
We can't afford for obstructionism from Senate leaders to spread to our courts. http://ofa.bo/xQm
Now it's the Senate's turn to take this seriously and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.
Professor Obama has a Supreme Court 101 lesson for obstructionists in the Senate.
There's been a lot of global progress in the fight to tackle climate change, but we can't stop now.
In case you missed it, something important just happened in the global fight against climate change.
Climate change is a serious threat. We can't keep pretending it doesn't exist.
Happy Earth Day.
Climate change is dangerous for public health. We have to act now.
Today, the United States joined the international community in signing the Paris Agreement—a groundbreaking global effort to fight climate change. We can't let deniers hold us back. http://ofa.bo/hAEi
Thanks to American leadership, the world is coming together to tackle climate change.
Investments in clean energy are investments in a more sustainable future.
Climate change is not a problem for the distant future. We're already seeing its effects today.
This year, our country made big steps forward in combating climate change. We can't let climate change deniers derail progress. http://ofa.bo/d5tM
Investing in clean energy like solar power is good for our country.
Climate change is real—and it's already happening. http://ofa.bo/z0QE
Not only would President Obama's immigration actions keep families together, they would also boost our economy.
Judge Merrick Garland is highly qualified and has had bipartisan support in the past. He deserves a fair hearing in the Senate. http://ofa.bo/d5t1
Find out how climate change is making wildfires a continual threat in some areas—and why it's so important to act now: http://ofa.bo/yQJ
This is why we need nine Supreme Court justices. http://ofa.bo/c5rK
Women still earn only 79 cents to every dollar that men make—and it's even worse for women of color. We can do better. http://ofa.bo/hADb
Share if you agree. #EqualPayDay
It's past time for equal pay. http://ofa.bo/gA4U
American workers deserve the flexibility and security that comes with paid sick leave.
Expanding paid sick leave is good for our families and our economy. http://ofa.bo/gA4S
Judge Merrick Garland is eminently qualified for the Supreme Court—and he deserves a fair hearing from the Senate.
Because some Senate leaders are refusing to do their jobs, our Supreme Court can't fully do its job—that's not right. http://ofa.bo/e5pu
The United States is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee some form of paid leave for its workers. It's time to change that. http://ofa.bo/fA5O
Working Americans should have the basic security of paid sick leave.
Now 10 million workers will have better economic security. http://ofa.bo/gA43
Here's how climate change could impact sea level rise—and why it's so important to act now: http://ofa.bo/uOE
America's economy continues to make real progress.
The future looks bright for clean energy. http://ofa.bo/fA4b
The Senate's obstruction of President Obama's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, is completely unprecedented. http://ofa.bo/z0Ob
Judge Merrick Garland should get a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote.
The American labor force just posted "the strongest totals we've seen in 16 years." http://ofa.bo/e5oO
Don't listen to the critics: American job growth continues at a robust pace.
FINAL CHANCE to win VIP passes to see James Taylor this summer. http://ofa.bo/jA0i
LAST CALL: Get your donation in before midnight's deadline. http://ofa.bo/d5qW
Senate leaders continue to refuse fair hearings for Judge Merrick Garland, despite his many qualifications. That's not right. http://ofa.bo/e5oD
Time to pitch in for progress: http://ofa.bo/uMu
You and a friend could be heading to Chicago this summer to meet James Taylor and see him perform live. http://ofa.bo/z0Np
The fundraising deadline is coming in at full speed. http://ofa.bo/a5sf
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.
All you've got to do is enter. http://ofa.bo/d5ou
"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." —President Obama
"""Give Judge Garland—by all accounts an outstanding individual; someone with more experience on the federal bench than any Supreme Court nominee in history—the respect he has earned. Give him a hearing. Give him a vote."" —President Obama 
http://ofa.bo/a5ro"
Every Supreme Court nominee in recent history has been given a fair hearing from the Senate. Judge Garland should be no different. http://ofa.bo/hA9v
It's time for Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing.
Obamacare has saved lives and given millions of Americans access to quality care—but the fight for affordable health care for all is far from over. http://ofa.bo/b5sw
"Six years ago, millions of Americans weren't able to get health insurance because they had pre-existing conditions.
Today, that's a thing of the past."
A free trip to Chicago in the summer and tickets to see James Taylor live—enter now. http://ofa.bo/e5m7
Judge Merrick Garland is a highly qualified Supreme Court nominee. There is no reason for the Senate to obstruct the nomination process.
"I fulfilled my constitutional duty. Now it’s time for senators to do theirs." —President Obama
Judge Merrick Garland is a well qualified nominee who deserves fair consideration. http://ofa.bo/vLK
Organizers across the country are speaking up for a fair Supreme Court nomination process. http://ofa.bo/d5nK
There's no reason why Senate leaders should refuse to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.
President Obama fulfilled his constitutional duty and nominated Judge Merrick Garland—a well-qualified nominee for the Supreme Court. Senate leaders need to put politics aside and do their job. http://ofa.bo/f9zs
Join the OFA Truth Team and give your family and friends the facts on issues that matter: http://ofa.bo/yKc
Support for a fair Supreme Court nomination process is growing. http://ofa.bo/uJm
Editorial boards across the country are calling for a fair Supreme Court nomination process: http://ofa.bo/b5qk
Share if you agree.
Two-thirds of Americans want the Senate to hold a fair hearing for President Obama's Supreme Court nominee. Are you one of them? http://ofa.bo/f9zT
Every past presidential nominee for the Supreme Court has received a vote within 125 days. Why should this one be any different?
The United States and Canada just agreed to reduce methane emissions from oil and gas by as much as 45 percent by 2025. http://ofa.bo/vJV
Senators leading the obstruction on a Supreme Court nominee have demanded up-or-down votes many times in the past. http://ofa.bo/f9yY
Extreme voices in the Senate shouldn't stand in the way of a fair hearing for the next Supreme Court nominee. http://ofa.bo/uIl
"""I know there is an argument that no nominee should be voted on in the last year of a presidency. But there is nothing in the Constitution—or our history—to support this view."" —Vice President Biden
http://ofa.bo/e5is"
When every woman is able to reach her full potential, the world is a better and more peaceful place.
The solar industry is expected to add more new electricity-generating capacity than any other sector this year. http://ofa.bo/i9yM
Spread the word: The Senate has plenty of time for a fair hearing on a Supreme Court nominee.
"Most Americans want to see President Barack Obama nominate someone to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court." http://ofa.bo/z0If
Take a look at what editorial boards across the country have to say about Senate leaders refusing to do their jobs. http://ofa.bo/i9xc
Obstructing the Supreme Court nomination process for political reasons is unprecedented and irresponsible—demand action. http://ofa.bo/uHa
These headlines say it all—it's time for Senate leaders to do their job.
Fourteen presidents have appointed 21 Supreme Court justices during an election year. The Senate has no excuse not to act. http://ofa.bo/d5gn
President Obama plans to fulfill his constitutional duty. The Senate needs to step up and do the same.
Keep on dancing.
Speak up for a fair and timely nomination process. Tell the Senate to do its job—add your name now: http://ofa.bo/wEt
Refusing to even meet with the President's nominee is unprecedented—and irresponsible.
The demand for solar energy is through the roof. http://ofa.bo/yDO
The Senate has a responsibility to fairly consider the President's nominee. Add your name if you agree: http://ofa.bo/g9pS
Stop obstructing our Supreme Court.
"A sterling record. A deep respect for the judiciary’s role. An understanding of the way the world really works. That’s what I’m considering as I fulfill my constitutional duty to appoint a judge to our highest court." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/e5bD
"Average time to confirm recent Supreme Court nominees: 67 days
Longest it's taken to vote on a nominee: 125 days
Number of days President Obama has left in office: 331 days"
Spread the word: The Supreme Court is far too important for obstructionists in the Senate to play political games. http://ofa.bo/vBY
A fully staffed Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy.
The Senate has a constitutional responsibility to consider President Obama's Supreme Court nominee in a fair and timely manner. http://ofa.bo/g9mJ
The Supreme Court is a key part of our democracy, and the Senate has a duty to hold a fair hearing and timely vote on President Obama's nominee. http://ofa.bo/f9ns
Climate change denial is foolish in the face of facts. http://ofa.bo/f9nS
"4.9 percent unemployment: ✓
Rising wages: ✓
The longest streak of private-sector job growth on record: ✓
It's hard to argue against facts."
Seven years ago today, President Obama signed the Recovery Act—and look how far our economy has come.
"""The Recovery Act didn’t just stop the bleeding of the Great Recession. It invested in the very programs and people that form the foundation of an economy that’s gone from crisis to recovery to resurgence."" —Vice President Biden
Read more. http://ofa.bo/vAc"
Equality is worth fighting for.
Marriage equality is the law of the land—but discrimination against LGBT Americans still exists in too many states. http://ofa.bo/e5W8
It's a beautiful world, and President Obama is fighting to preserve it.
President Obama is building the "most expansive environmental and historic-preservation legacies in presidential history." http://ofa.bo/e5VU
This Valentine's Day, stand up for equality. http://ofa.bo/y7p
"""When young people are excited about science, technology, engineering, and math, that’s not just good for them. That’s good for America."" —President Obama
Read more from the President's interview with Popular Science on climate change, the future, and why investing in science and technology is so important: http://ofa.bo/e5VC"
Love out loud. http://ofa.bo/y7j
2015 was another big year for clean energy. http://ofa.bo/u8K
America is about second chances, but too many nonviolent offenders are serving unfair sentences—that's a strain on our economy and our communities. http://ofa.bo/j9hP
Our criminal justice system should be smarter, less expensive, and more effective.
Who are you rooting for?
"""Over the last seven years, we’ve made historic investments in clean energy that helped private-sector companies create tens of thousands of good jobs. And today, clean power from the wind or the sun is actually cheaper in many communities than dirtier, conventional power. It’s helped grow our economy and cut our total carbon pollution more than any other country on earth."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Jobs and wages are up, and the employment rate is down. Today is a good day for the American economy. http://ofa.bo/b5cW
This is worth celebrating.
Our system must be more than just a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails. Add your name to say you agree. http://ofa.bo/e5Uk
Progress is only possible when people fight for it—say you're in. http://ofa.bo/h9sr
Private-sector companies are doing their part to make our communities safer. It's time for Congress to do its part. http://ofa.bo/a5az
Look good while fighting for progress in 2016: http://ofa.bo/d5X3
Help spread the facts about the issues you care about most: http://ofa.bo/a5ad
DEADLINE: Today's the day. Make sure you're covered. http://ofa.bo/d5Wm
For the sake of American families, it's time for equal pay. http://ofa.bo/x6r
Seven years ago today, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act—but there's still more work to do.
Mark your calendars. http://ofa.bo/u6x
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will boost our economy while raising workers' wages. Take a look at more findings from a new study: http://ofa.bo/g9hF
2015 was the hottest year ever recorded. Here's what scientists are saying—and why climate action is so important: http://ofa.bo/x6D
Millions of Americans have already enrolled through the marketplace. If you need health insurance, you can find a plan that fits your budget: http://ofa.bo/f9jX
"""The United States is a nation of second chances, but the experience of solitary confinement too often undercuts that second chance."" —President Obama
Read more. http://ofa.bo/c5UF"
Share this and make sure your friends have the security of health insurance. http://ofa.bo/v6b
97 percent of climate scientists agree that climate change is real, man-made and dangerous.
"""If you haven’t looked at your new coverage options, you’ve still got time to get covered on the health insurance marketplace for 2016. You have until January 31—next Sunday—to enroll. Just go to HealthCare.gov, CuidadoDeSalud.gov, or call 1-800-318-2596."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Lift off.
Volunteers are sharing their personal stories to help prevent tragic acts of gun violence. Take a look: http://ofa.bo/u5c
Health insurance is only a few clicks away: http://ofa.bo/c5T1
The solar industry is booming.
"""Scientists reported Wednesday that 2015 was the hottest year in recorded history by far, breaking a record set only the year before.""
Read more. http://ofa.bo/y4z"
Another step forward in the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/c5SN
American diplomacy has helped verifiably block Iran's pathways to a nuclear bomb. http://ofa.bo/g9f8
"As Americans of all races and beliefs come together on this day of service to honor the life and legacy of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., let us pledge to recognize the common humanity of all people." —President Obama
Happy birthday to the First Lady—thank you for inspiring millions.
"""That’s when America works best—when everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security; and when everyone can contribute to this country we love. That’s how we make sure that hardworking families can get ahead."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Don't let the deadline pass you by—today's the last day to check out your options for coverage that starts February 1: http://ofa.bo/d5Sn
"""We wouldn't have made the kind of progress we've made without you, out there in your neighborhoods, on the streets, in your communities."" —Vice President Biden to OFA supporters
Read more: http://ofa.bo/w4V"
Change isn't easy—you have to fight for it.
The solar industry added 35,000 jobs in 2015 alone—up 20 percent from 2014. http://ofa.bo/g9db
Today, be sure to catch to Vice President Biden as he talks to Organizing for Action supporters about how far we've come and the path ahead in 2016. http://ofa.bo/g9dW
Fired up? Join this grassroots movement today. http://ofa.bo/g9dB
It's here—tune in at 9 p.m. ET for President Obama's last State of the Union: http://ofa.bo/e5Pj
"""I’m more optimistic about the prospects of America than when I was as a 29-year-old kid first elected to the United States Senate."" —Vice President Biden 
http://ofa.bo/z03q"
From the lowest uninsured rate on record to 70 straight months of private-sector job growth, this country has come a long way in the past seven years. Take a look at some of the progress. http://ofa.bo/d5S5
Tomorrow night. 9 p.m. ET. Don't miss it. http://ofa.bo/j9bF
Read President Obama's message to OFA supporters on how everyone can get involved to help prevent gun violence. http://ofa.bo/j9b0
President Obama's final State of the Union is on January 12. Say you'll be watching—and join the conversation. http://ofa.bo/w2v
"""Since our plan went into effect, our automakers have added more than 640,000 new jobs ... Seven years ago, auto sales hit a 27-year low. Last year, they hit an all-time high."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
The economy continues to improve, adding 292,000 jobs in December—surpassing original predictions. http://ofa.bo/y0I
"""There are steps we can take now to save lives. And all of us—at every level of government, in the private sector and as citizens—have to do our part. We all have a responsibility."" —President Obama
Read more: http://ofa.bo/c5N2"
President Obama's common-sense actions are progress on gun violence prevention—but Congress needs to pass a long-term solution. http://ofa.bo/d5Ni
Tune in to CNN at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at a town hall event on reducing gun violence in America.
After seven years of progress, tune in for President Obama's final State of the Union and see what's in store for his last 12 months in office. http://ofa.bo/w02
In 2007, wind power generated less than 1 percent of total electricity in the United States. Today, it's on track to reach 20 percent by 2030. http://ofa.bo/j9Xi
Twelve months to go—tune in for the beginning of President Obama's final year. http://ofa.bo/e5LA
Excuses for inaction just can't stand any longer. It's time for Congress to step up and help stop gun violence in America.
President Obama just took action to protect our communities from gun violence—it's time for Congress to step up and do the same. http://ofa.bo/uK
New year, new you? Check out your options and start this year off on the right foot. http://ofa.bo/j9Wp
Twelve more months of progress to go—tune in. http://ofa.bo/xD
"""We know that we can’t stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one? What if Congress did something—anything—to protect our kids from gun violence?"" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Hello, 2016.
FINAL CHANCE: Time's running out to support the fight for progress in 2016. Chip in by midnight. http://ofa.bo/i9Zm
LAST CALL: Today's the last day to enter to win a seven-day cruise to Alaska. http://ofa.bo/d5Mg
DEADLINE: Time's running out—beat the buzzer and chip in $5 before the fundraising deadline. http://ofa.bo/j9Wg
Get ready to pitch in—the fundraising deadline is here. http://ofa.bo/c5LV
We can't afford to go back now. http://ofa.bo/g9XN
Time to get pumped up for the fights in 2016. Here's how you can help. http://ofa.bo/f9aV
Marriage equality is the law of the land—but in most states, someone can still be fired because of who they love. Continue to fight for equal rights into 2016 and beyond: http://ofa.bo/g9XI
President Obama's last State of the Union address is January 12th—don't miss it. http://ofa.bo/g9XF
You can't aaargue with progress. Do your part to keep up the fight before the deadline. http://ofa.bo/t9VT
You and a friend could be taking in this view. All you have to do is enter. http://ofa.bo/c5L5
"""On behalf of Malia, Sasha, Bo, Sunny, Grandma, and everyone here at the White House, Merry Christmas."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
The United States is leading global efforts to tackle climate change—but extreme voices in Congress are trying to stand in the way of progress. http://ofa.bo/i9ZA
Your bucket list won't complete itself. Here's your chance at a free trip to Alaska. http://ofa.bo/d5MA
The Paris Agreement marks the biggest global step toward combating climate change.
The window to chip in before the fundraising deadline is closing. http://ofa.bo/g9Wj
See mother nature up close. http://ofa.bo/j9Vv
Stand up for long-term progress—become an OFA Champion today. http://ofa.bo/h9hB
Don't cruise past the big fundraising deadline. http://ofa.bo/i9Yl
"""The number one reason I’m optimistic going into 2016: It's you—the American people. All of this progress is because of you—because of workers rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done."" —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address."
There's still more work to do in the fight against climate change—on every level. Check out what happens when organizers come together to discuss the path forward in their communities: http://ofa.bo/j9Vj
Don't miss this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. http://ofa.bo/d5Ln
"Marriage equality for all: ✔
A global climate agreement: ✔
The longest streak of job growth on record: ✔
But there's still more work to do. http://ofa.bo/c5KQ"
Get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier. Add your name to enter.
The global climate agreement is a huge step forward. http://ofa.bo/s9Yb
LAST CHANCE: Don't miss today's deadline. Check out your options today for coverage that begins on January 1st. http://ofa.bo/f9ZP
Here's your chance to take in the beauty of Alaska—and recommit to the fight for climate action. Enter now: http://ofa.bo/e5Ic
Nearly 200 countries came together to commit to global action on climate change—show your support: http://ofa.bo/d5LM
"""We must not forget the power we have locally.""
Find out how these volunteers are helping shape the discussion on climate change in their community: http://ofa.bo/d5L4"
Get ready for a healthy, happy new year with coverage you can afford. Enroll today: http://ofa.bo/h9g3
As the global climate talks continue, don't miss your chance to be part of this historic moment. Here's how you can get involved: http://ofa.bo/e5I7
With American leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to cut pollution and fight climate change.
The time to act on climate change is now.
The global community is coming together to work toward progress on climate change.
"Some people suspected of terrorist activity on the No-Fly List can still legally purchase assault weapons because of a loophole in current laws—but Congress can change that.
Add your name to show your support for closing this dangerous loophole: http://ofa.bo/a5N5"
If you're on the No-Fly List, you shouldn't be able to buy a weapon of war.
Add your name to show your support for common-sense gun safety measures, like closing the No-Fly List loophole. http://ofa.bo/i9Wn
If you're on the No-Fly list, you shouldn't be able to purchase a weapon of war.
"""We know that the killers in San Bernardino used military-style assault weapons—weapons of war—to kill as many people as they could. It’s another tragic reminder that here in America it’s way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
If you want to be covered on January 1st, be sure to check out your options and enroll by December 15th. http://ofa.bo/s9WV
Obamacare provisions have helped save billions of dollars—and thousands of lives. See the numbers: http://ofa.bo/a5M7
The Clean Power Plan is part of American leadership on climate change.
Sixty years ago today, Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat—and changed America.
Read why the Clean Power Plan is an essential part of American leadership in the global effort to tackle climate change. http://ofa.bo/j9So
The global community is coming together to tackle climate change. You can join the conversation: http://ofa.bo/b5O2
Read from EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on why the global community is in a strong position heading into the international climate talks. http://ofa.bo/c5HX
While you're recovering from that Thanksgiving meal, check out your options: http://ofa.bo/r9X9
"""I hope that you and your family have a wonderful Thanksgiving, surrounded by loved ones, and full of joy and gratitude."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
You could be saving money. Check out your options today: http://ofa.bo/d5It
Organizers in Tennessee are working hard to expand health care coverage in their communities. Read more: http://ofa.bo/r9X7
"The international community is coming together to address climate change—but there are still more than 130 members of Congress denying the science behind it.
Say you're ready for strong international efforts. http://ofa.bo/i9VC"
Happy Birthday, Vice President Biden.
We have to act on climate change now. http://ofa.bo/g9TO
We can't let climate change deniers slow progress. Show your support for international efforts to address climate change: http://ofa.bo/h9d0
After the OFA Fall Summit, these organizers are fired up and ready to keep working. http://ofa.bo/p9bI
The international community is ready to tackle climate change. It's time for deniers in Congress to get in the game.
"In just two weeks, countries all over the world are gathering for an international conference to tackle climate change—but there are still many in Congress who would like to derail it.
Add your name to stand up for strong global efforts to tackle climate change. http://ofa.bo/f9Vq"
GQ's Man of the Year talks family, basketball, and what it's like to know what's inside Area 51. Read the interview: http://ofa.bo/a5Kk
The science is clear: Climate change is real and man-made—which is why the Clean Power Plan is so important.
You may be able to save money on your health insurance. Check out your options today: http://ofa.bo/d5I1
Climate change is real—and we have to act now. http://ofa.bo/q9PM
Read from a veteran and former Federal Chief Sustainability Officer on the risks of not actively fighting climate change. http://ofa.bo/e5FK
Make sure you shop around to get the best plan possible: http://ofa.bo/g9T6
"Today, we gather once more to salute every patriot who has ever proudly worn the uniform of the United States of America." —President Obama
"""These tough new rules level the playing field, and when American workers have a fair chance to compete, I believe they’ll win every time."" —President Obama on the Trans-Pacific Partnership
Read more: http://ofa.bo/f9Vf"
"""If you haven’t gotten covered yet, or if you care about someone who hasn’t gotten covered yet, now’s your chance. It’s open enrollment season for the health insurance marketplace."" —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address."
BREAKING: President Obama just rejected the Keystone XL pipeline—another huge step in the fight against climate change. Join this fight. http://ofa.bo/p9ai
Take some time and check out your options today. http://ofa.bo/s9UO
Read how the Trans-Pacific Partnership ensures American leadership on trade. http://ofa.bo/b5ME
Add your name in support of a sensible, bipartisan budget agreement: http://ofa.bo/c5G1
Time to shop around. http://ofa.bo/f9VC
Health care enrollment is back. Make sure you're getting the best deal: http://ofa.bo/r9Vj
Student organizers from schools across the country came together to develop their skills and learn from each other. Check it out: http://ofa.bo/e5Ey
You don't even need to get out of bed to get covered. http://ofa.bo/j9Qs
Open enrollment is here.
Happy Halloween.
"""It’s not about politics. It’s about whether we as a nation live up to our founding ideal of liberty and justice for all. And working together, we can make sure that we do."" —President Obama on criminal justice reform
Watch the weekly address."
REMINDER:
Don't let climate change deniers and big polluters derail the Clean Power Plan—show your support: http://ofa.bo/b5Ly
"""Recovery can't just be focused on short-term needs, but on long-term risk and vulnerabilities."" —Shaun Donovan, Director of the Office of Management and Budget
Read more. http://ofa.bo/c5Fo"
Mayors are calling on Congress to do something about gun violence in America. http://ofa.bo/e5Es
Share to spread the word: Open enrollment is almost here.
Mark your calendar.
Federal limits on methane pollution will help fight climate change and improve public health. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/r9VV
Join the team spreading the truth about the issues of the day: ofa.bo/s9Tv
"""Because America is leading by example, 150 countries, representing 85% of global emissions, have now laid out plans to reduce their levels of harmful carbon pollution that warms our planet."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
We need new standards to help curb methane pollution—and improve public health. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/j9Qc
Another reason why action on climate change is so important. ofa.bo/q9Oq
Meet Diali: A professional fellow that was recently named a White House Champion of Change. ofa.bo/r9VN
It's time to do something. http://ofa.bo/a5Jo
Climate change deniers are running out of excuses. http://ofa.bo/c5FU
It's time to take action.
"""In too many cases, our criminal justice system is a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Under the Obama administration, the deficit has been cut by roughly three-quarters since 2009. http://ofa.bo/h9bO
Gun violence shouldn't be so commonplace. It's time for Congress to do something about it. http://ofa.bo/i9TA
Seventy percent of Americans agree on the science of climate change. It's time for deniers in Congress to listen. http://ofa.bo/g9Rs
From organizers to elected officials, people in New Mexico are celebrating progress on health care reform. http://ofa.bo/a5JN
Here's another reason why taking action to fight climate change is so important. http://ofa.bo/r9UW
Repealing Obamacare would be devastating for millions of families.
"""This week, after five years of effort with eleven other nations, we reached agreement on a new trade deal that promotes American values and protects American workers."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address. http://ofa.bo/e5DV"
Thoughts and prayers are not enough. Congress needs to step up and take action to prevent more gun-related tragedies. http://ofa.bo/p9YO
More than 10,000 Americans die from gun violence each year—that can change.
Mass shootings are far too commonplace in the United States—but that can change. Add your name if you want Congress to do something about gun violence. http://ofa.bo/p9YJ
Share the Truth Team Digest and make sure your friends have the facts on gun violence in America. http://ofa.bo/s9S9
Add your name to support the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)—a trade deal that boosts American-made exports, supports higher-paying jobs, and protects American workers. http://ofa.bo/p9YE
Read how one OFA organizer got her start and eventually landed her dream job fighting for a good cause. http://ofa.bo/g9Qr
The largest regional trade accord in history has the chance to set enforceable labor and environmental standards around the Pacific. http://ofa.bo/t9OX
Read about organizers' steps to prevent gun violence—and how they're continuing to push for reform. http://ofa.bo/g9Qn
"""Congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget rather than flirt with another shutdown. A serious budget is one that keeps America strong."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
More than 10,000 Americans die every year from gun violence. That needs to change. http://ofa.bo/h9Zg
Congressional action on gun violence is long overdue.
DEADLINE: It's your last chance to make a big play. Show your support. http://ofa.bo/d5FK
Think you could impress President Obama? Give it your best shot—enter before the midnight deadline. http://ofa.bo/a5Hs
DEADLINE: Chip in to support this movement before time runs out. http://ofa.bo/r9Su
"You and a friend could be headed to D.C. this fall. (The company's guaranteed to be good.)
Enter now: http://ofa.bo/r9Sn"
Start testing your best joke. You could be telling it to President Obama: http://ofa.bo/h9Z7
The clock's ticking—chip in before the big fundraising deadline. http://ofa.bo/f9SS
In this exclusive interview with Rolling Stone, President Obama discusses the importance of creativity when it comes to fighting climate change. http://ofa.bo/f9SQ
"""We’ve got to make sure that our criminal justice system works.” —President Obama
Go behind the scenes of the President's recent trip to a federal prison. http://ofa.bo/e5CC"
You could meet President Obama this fall. Enter now: http://ofa.bo/t9NY
Fight to keep this powerful movement going. Chip in: http://ofa.bo/b5J0
Start working on your entrance. Here's your chance to meet the President: http://ofa.bo/j9Nc
Fall leaves. Sunglasses. President Obama. Enter for your chance to meet the Commander-in-Chief. http://ofa.bo/g9Ph
Climate change is an urgent problem. Read more from Pope Francis: http://ofa.bo/e5Bf
Lend a hand—chip in to support this movement: http://ofa.bo/q9Lh
Here's your chance to have President Obama welcome you with open arms: http://ofa.bo/g9PX
Hello, fall.
Get fixed up to the nines—you could be meeting the President this fall. http://ofa.bo/j9Mz
This number is great news. But there's still more work to do to get people covered. http://ofa.bo/p9W3
"Lights, camera—President Obama. 
Enter for your chance to meet him this fall. http://ofa.bo/r9QG"
Time is running out for Congress to pass a budget and avoid another government shutdown. http://ofa.bo/b5HH
These Tucson volunteers are taking action to make their community a better place. http://ofa.bo/d5Cg
Take a look at how climate change is affecting global temperatures. http://ofa.bo/c5Aw
"""America is great right now—not because of our government, or our wealth, or our power, but because of everyone who works hard every day to move this country forward. Now Congress needs to work as hard as you do."" —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address."
People shouldn't have to choose between taking care of a sick loved one and getting a paycheck. http://ofa.bo/d5Aq
This is what it looks like when countries work together on climate change. http://ofa.bo/p9SQ
The number of Americans without health insurance continues to drop—thanks to Obamacare. http://ofa.bo/q9H4
The deficit cut by two-thirds, the lowest unemployment rate in seven years, and the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record—but there's more work to do.
Coming out of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, the economy has added 13.1 million jobs over 66 straight months—the longest streak on record. Take a look at how far we've come: http://ofa.bo/c58Z
Change starts with you. Be part of the team fighting for progress. http://ofa.bo/t9I3
Pursuing a higher education shouldn't mean taking on a lifetime of debt.
"""Americans will now have access to reliable data on every institution of higher education. You’ll be able to see how much each school’s graduates earn, how much debt they graduate with, and what percentage of a school’s students can pay back their loans."" —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address."
"In memory of those we lost, we resolved to shape a world where events like those of September 11, 2001, could never happen again, and we see this unbreakable spirit live on every day across America." —President Obama
Solar energy is breaking records every quarter—and this one is no different. http://ofa.bo/e54F
Add your name and join the conversation on the Iran deal. http://ofa.bo/f9JM
Read how the Obama administration is fighting for working families at the local level. http://ofa.bo/r9Ix
Get the facts from Secretary of State John Kerry on the international agreement with Iran to curb its nuclear program. http://ofa.bo/e53H
"This Labor Day, let us remember the struggles and the progress that have defined America, and let us resolve to continue building a nation where everyone is treated fairly, where hard work pays off, and where all things are possible for all people." —President Obama
This is great news for middle-class families. http://ofa.bo/c54u
"""If Congress wants to support working Americans and strengthen our middle class, they can pass a budget that invests in, not makes cuts to, the middle class."" —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address."
Check out these highlights from President Obama's trip to Alaska—including Denali, a trip to the Arctic Circle, and a spawning salmon: http://ofa.bo/q9CM
"The unemployment rate just fell to 5.1 percent—the lowest since April 2008.
That's good news—but there's more work to do. http://ofa.bo/q9CJ"
Facts matter—spread the word. http://ofa.bo/i9H0
Tomorrow is your last chance to let the Department of Labor know that you support stronger overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/d55r
President Obama is fighting to restore rights for hard-working Americans. http://ofa.bo/f9Hz
Read President Obama's message on why he's traveling through Alaska this week: http://ofa.bo/r9Hn
Before Friday's deadline, tell the Department of Labor you support modern overtime rules for a modern economy. http://ofa.bo/c53s
Speaking in Alaska this week, President Obama emphasized the urgent global need to take action on climate change. Read more: http://ofa.bo/t9DT
"""The advocates for a vote of disapproval in Congress have also not put forward a viable alternative."" —Former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright on the Iran deal
Read more: http://ofa.bo/d55Y"
The renaming of Mount McKinley to Denali is a historically significant move for the people of Alaska. Read more: http://ofa.bo/s9G9
"""I’m looking forward to talking with Alaskans about how we can work together to make America the global leader on climate change."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
"""I believe that rejecting this deal would significantly weaken our ability to achieve our broader foreign policy goals."" —Ambassador Samantha Power
Read more: http://ofa.bo/a57N"
The facts matter—be part of the team that's getting them out. http://ofa.bo/g9EC
The fight for women's rights is far from over. Say you'll stand up for equality today. http://ofa.bo/h9MN
Add your name to get all the facts on the historic Iran deal. http://ofa.bo/j9AZ
Lower costs and new financial incentives will allow homeowners easier access to renewable energy. http://ofa.bo/f9Fl
Another important step forward in the fight to curb climate change.
"""When Congress gets back, they should prevent a shutdown, pass a responsible budget, and prove that this is a country that looks forward—a country that invests in our future, and keeps our economy growing for all Americans."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
The first two women to graduate from the United States Army's Ranger School are making history—and paving the way for future generations: http://ofa.bo/h9L3
It's important to have all the facts about the Iran deal. Add your name to stay informed: http://ofa.bo/q996
Read about another unprecedented step in President Obama's plan to combat climate change. http://ofa.bo/p9Ir
Read one organizer’s story about the fight for women’s rights—and why it’s important not to let up now. http://ofa.bo/h9Kn
Spread the word.
Don't let climate change deniers have the final say. Add your name to support the Clean Power Plan: http://ofa.bo/f9E1
"""I convened a task force on community policing to find commonsense steps that can help us drive down crime and build up trust and cooperation between communities and police."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
A majority of Americans say they are ready for immigration reform: http://ofa.bo/p9HH
Under Obamacare, 16 million people gained health insurance and it's not the “job killer” opponents said it would be. http://ofa.bo/c4z5
"""Climate change once seemed like a problem for future generations, but for most Americans, it's already a reality."" —President Obama
See why the President is heading to Alaska. http://ofa.bo/a53M"
The uninsured rate is down to single digits for the first time ever. That's a reason to celebrate. http://ofa.bo/f9Cx
Women and working families need updated overtime rules.
President Obama responded to an article on efforts to dismantle protections in the Voting Rights Act. Check it out: http://ofa.bo/p9Gd
Read why expanding overtime protections would make a difference for millions of American workers—especially women. http://ofa.bo/r9CT
Wind energy is now providing 73,000 jobs—and counting. http://ofa.bo/q96a
States that embraced Obamacare saw a much bigger drop in uninsured rates this year: http://ofa.bo/g99w
President Obama discussed the implications of the historic Iran deal in an exclusive interview with Mic. Check it out. http://ofa.bo/i9BI
Cleaner air means healthier people.
"""The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy. Yet for too long, too many of our fellow citizens were denied that right, simply because of the color of their skin."" —President Obama.
Watch the weekly address."
Yesterday was the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. Read President Obama's thoughts on its legacy—and the work still ahead. http://ofa.bo/i9Ao
July marks 65 consecutive months of private-sector job growth—the longest streak on record. http://ofa.bo/c4xL
Read President Obama's message on how you can support the Clean Power Plan: http://ofa.bo/h9HC
Add your name if you support the Clean Power Plan—the biggest step America has ever taken in the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/s99U
OFA’s card is waiting for your signature. Help wish the President a happy birthday: http://ofa.bo/f9An
"The Clean Power Plan will create tens of thousands of jobs, lower the cost of renewable energy, and reduce carbon pollution.
Read more from White House Senior Advisor Brian Deese. http://ofa.bo/e4vJ"
"Birthday hat? ✓
Birthday card?
Sign now: http://ofa.bo/d4zG"
Support the Clean Power Plan—be a part of the biggest action our country has taken to tackle climate change: http://ofa.bo/j95i
The Clean Power Plan is good news for our economy and for public health.
Haven't signed President Obama’s birthday card yet? Here’s your chance: http://ofa.bo/p9E0
"""If one of the best measures of a country is how it treats its more vulnerable citizens—seniors, the poor, the sick—then America has a lot to be proud of."" —President Obama on the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid
Watch the weekly address."
Looking at you—have you signed President Obama’s birthday card yet? http://ofa.bo/p9Dl
"The federal minimum wage hasn’t been raised in nearly six years, but there's been progress at the local level across the country. 
Read how volunteers are pushing for an economy that works for everyone—not just those at the top. http://ofa.bo/f99y"
Join Organizing for Action in celebrating President Obama’s birthday—add your name to the card: http://ofa.bo/h9FZ
Organizing for Action is giving the next generation of digital organizers the tools they need to succeed. Read how: http://ofa.bo/h9Eh
Obamacare is lowering the uninsured rate and improving Americans' health—especially in states that expanded Medicaid. http://ofa.bo/c4uV
This is big. http://ofa.bo/a4zG
"""As long as I’m President, I’m going to keep doing whatever I can to protect consumers, and our entire economy, from the kind of irresponsibility that led to the Great Recession in the first place."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
When's the last time your state raised the minimum wage? http://ofa.bo/i973
Thanks to state lawmakers, over 180,000 working families will start seeing wage increases: http://ofa.bo/e4s4
Share the news. http://ofa.bo/i96c
Nearly 10,000 Americans turn 65 every day. We have to be ready to face the challenges of a changing America—say you're in: http://ofa.bo/q912
Opponents of immigration are doing their best to block common-sense reform: http://ofa.bo/t92Z
There's more work to do beyond Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Say you'll support safeguarding retirement security for all Americans. http://ofa.bo/j91H
"""This week, the United States and our international partners finally achieved something that decades of animosity has not: a deal that will prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
"""We have a tendency sometimes to almost take for granted or think it's normal that so many young people end up in our criminal justice system. It's not normal. It doesn't happen in other countries."" —President Obama
Read more on the President's visit to El Reno Federal Correctional Institution. http://ofa.bo/i95S"
It’s been nearly six years since the federal minimum wage was last raised. Read about how organizers are pushing for reform. http://ofa.bo/q904
The President's actions on immigration have clear economic benefits for our country.
People like Conner Adams prove that second chances can lead to amazing things. Read more: http://ofa.bo/j90N
Obamacare is working. http://ofa.bo/b4y6
"""We need to do more to help ensure that our recovery reaches every American. And that means putting retirement within reach for more Americans."" —President Obama
Read more: http://ofa.bo/a4uj"
"""In this country, of all countries, a person’s ZIP code shouldn’t decide their destiny. We don’t guarantee equal outcomes, but we do strive to guarantee an equal shot at opportunity—in every neighborhood, for every American."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Best wishes.
The President announced three new national monuments today, marking 19 overall—the most of any administration in history. http://ofa.bo/q8qq
Another step toward a more perfect union. http://ofa.bo/r8xp
"""As a nation, our laws finally recognize that all people should be treated with respect and dignity — and that all marriages, at their root, are defined by unconditional love."" —Vice President Biden
Read more: http://ofa.bo/h91m"
Women are saving more than a billion dollars—thanks to Obamacare. http://ofa.bo/t8rb
Your voice matters—show your support for expanding overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/f8te
President Obama is making it easier for low-income homeowners and renters to switch to clean energy. http://ofa.bo/j8mc
Paying people fairly for the work they do seems like a no-brainer—but it’s not always a reality. Learn more about why it’s time to fix overtime protections. http://ofa.bo/g8oA
Go on the record in support of more workers getting fair overtime pay—add your name today. http://ofa.bo/r8qG
This is the right move for middle-class families.
"""On this most American of holidays, we remember that all who serve here at home and overseas, represent what today is all about. And we remember that their families serve, too."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address. http://ofa.bo/r8of"
Happy Fourth.
June marked 64 consecutive months of private-sector job growth. http://ofa.bo/t8g4
"“We've got to keep making sure hard work is rewarded.” —President Obama
Read more on the President's plan to expand overtime pay: http://ofa.bo/f8hk"
American leadership is making a big difference in the global fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/s8hN
Add your voice in support of preventing gun violence in America. http://ofa.bo/t8dT
LAST CHANCE: Don't miss this opportunity. Enter now to win a trip to Hawaii. http://ofa.bo/p8jk
Make your voice heard on gun violence prevention: http://ofa.bo/r8gv
Your chance to win a free trip to Hawaii ends soon. Don't miss it: http://ofa.bo/p8iJ
Say aloha to Hawaii: http://ofa.bo/s8c1
"Hawaii has been a leader in the progressive movement. (And it has pretty great weather.)
Enter today for your chance to visit the Aloha State: http://ofa.bo/j8Xe"
"""This week, after more than fifty votes in Congress to repeal or weaken this law; after a Presidential election based in part on preserving or repealing this law; after multiple challenges to this law before the Supreme Court, we can now say this for certain: the Affordable Care Act still stands, it is working, and it is here to stay."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Love just won.
Despite Obamacare working for millions of Americans, opponents are still trying to repeal it. Add your name to fight back: http://ofa.bo/r8cd
16 million covered—and counting.
Hawaii is leading the way on issues like marriage equality and climate change. You and a guest could see firsthand how organizing has made a difference: http://ofa.bo/j8U2
Climate change is not some distant threat. It's already impacting the health of millions. http://ofa.bo/p8c9
Organizing works—even in paradise. Here's your chance to see how. http://ofa.bo/j8T4
"The sooner we act, the better off America and future generations of Americans will be." —EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on fighting climate change http://ofa.bo/j8Sy
We believe.
Repealing Obamacare would have serious economic consequences. http://ofa.bo/h8cg
Hundreds of bills attacking women's rights are being introduced in states across the country. Help fight back. http://ofa.bo/r8Yz
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there.
"""As President, I spend most of my time focused on what we can do to grow the economy and grow new pathways of opportunity for Americans like you to get ahead. And we’ve made progress."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Share if you agree.
The EPA is creating better efficiency standards for heavy-duty trucks—which will decrease carbon emissions and save $170 billion in fuel costs over the lives of these vehicles. http://ofa.bo/g8S7
"""The American people and the American economy have faced enormous pollution challenges before, and history proves we can turn incredible challenges into incredible opportunity."" —EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy
Read more on the economic case for fighting climate change: http://ofa.bo/r8Xs"
Share this, and make sure your voice is heard about these attacks on women's rights. http://ofa.bo/h8aT
Great news for the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/g8Qe
Game six.
Programs like DACA are helping thousands of families gain access to the American dream—as well as increasing state GDPs. http://ofa.bo/s8Sy
On the third anniversary of DACA, see how it's working to help thousands of people.
"""We do live in a new economy. And we’ve got to adapt to make sure America leads the way in this new century, just like we did in the last."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Obamacare has improved America's health care system. Read how: http://ofa.bo/j7tx
200 trillion gallons of rain in only one month. http://ofa.bo/r7qr
It’s time to fight back against climate change.
States are leading in the fight against climate change. Read about Hawaii's plan to switch to 100 percent clean energy. http://ofa.bo/g7Wy
Too many students are being priced out of an education. That's why the President's plan for free community college is so important. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/h7Ud
A recent poll shows that a clear majority of Americans oppose rolling back federal Obamacare subsidies. http://ofa.bo/g7G4
"""The choice between being a progressive and being for free and fair trade is a false one: We can stand for progressive, democratic values while also working to promote those values overseas."" —Ron Kirk, former U.S. trade representative
Read more on why the Trans-Pacific Partnership is good for our economy and our workers. http://ofa.bo/h7Gu"
This is about the future of America's economy. Make your voice heard today. http://ofa.bo/i78W
"""We’re a nation of immigrants. It’s a source of our strength and something we all can take pride in. And this month—Immigrant Heritage Month—is a chance to share our American stories."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
"“Just because you think the path that’s right for you might be lonelier, longer or less destined for traditional success than paths taken by others, don’t be afraid to take it. If you choose your means well you will end up in the right place.” —Beau Biden
Read more on the life and legacy of Beau Biden: http://ofa.bo/i749"
This isn't just good news for our economy—it's good news for working families. http://ofa.bo/q6yo
It's time to put politics aside and do what's right. http://ofa.bo/p76X
Change only happens when people make it happen. Stand up for LGBT equality. http://ofa.bo/s6xk
97 percent of climate scientists agree: It's real. It's man-made. And it's time to do something about it.
Share what the fight for LGBT equality means to you: http://ofa.bo/q6kR
Be proud.
"""Our journey is not complete until our lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law."" —President Obama
This Pride Month, stand on the side of equality. Add your name today: http://ofa.bo/f6h1"
"""Like his dad, Beau was a good, big-hearted, devoutly Catholic and deeply faithful man, who made a difference in the lives of all he touched—and he lives on in their hearts."" —President Obama
For all who knew or were inspired by Beau Biden, please leave your thoughts and prayers with the Biden family: http://ofa.bo/q6ZI"
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses important national security measures and reforms.
We can't count on other nations to pursue tough, enforceable labor and environmental protections. That's why America needs to lead on trade. http://ofa.bo/h6Pa
Not only is clean water good for millions of Americans' health—it's good for the economy. http://ofa.bo/r6Ov
Find out why President Obama is in Miami today: http://ofa.bo/j6C7
Read how the Obama administration is strengthening clean water protections. http://ofa.bo/j688
This is big for anyone who drinks water.
Local lawmakers are doing what's best for hard-working Americans—passing paid leave legislation and raising the minimum wage. http://ofa.bo/s6Bc
Now's the chance to reach a truly progressive, transparent trade agreement that opens up opportunities for the middle class. Add your name: http://ofa.bo/s68f
"These Americans gave everything they had—not for glory, not even for gratitude, but for something greater than themselves." —President Obama
"""This weekend is Memorial Day—a time to pay tribute to all our men and women in uniform who’ve ever given their lives so that we can live in freedom and security."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
American leadership means fighting for middle-class families in the global economy. Add your name if you agree. http://ofa.bo/f5s5
This is why the fight for change matters: It's working. http://ofa.bo/t5p0
Taking action on climate change becomes more urgent every day—we can't let elected officials off the hook for denial any longer. Join the team holding climate change deniers accountable: http://ofa.bo/j5mP
"""Climate change constitutes a serious threat to global security, an immediate risk to our national security ... And so we need to act — and we need to act now."" —President Obama 
Read the full remarks from the President's commencement speech at the United States Coast Guard Academy. http://ofa.bo/q5nb"
"We've grown up with you ... You've given us a great gift and we love you." —President Obama to David Letterman
This decides who writes the rules in our global economy. President Obama is fighting to make sure they reflect America's values. Join the fight. http://ofa.bo/i5mI
See how President Obama is keeping the buzz alive. http://ofa.bo/i5jh
This is why health care reform is so important.
We need 21st century workplace policies. Hard-working Americans deserve the security of paid leave. http://ofa.bo/r5gq
"""Whether we are Democrats, Republicans, or independents; whether we live in one of our poorest communities, one of our wealthiest, or anywhere in between, we all want our country to be one where hard work pays off and responsibility is rewarded."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
This is no longer a problem to leave for the next generation to fix. We have to act now.
America can't afford to sit on the sidelines while other countries write the rules for the global economy—add your name: http://ofa.bo/q5V0
Nearly 1 in 8 Americans are in default because of student loan debt. This is a first step toward fixing that. http://ofa.bo/s5V5
Yumi used to feel powerless in the fight for immigration reform—not anymore. http://ofa.bo/j5P3
Working families deserve this—add your name now: http://ofa.bo/h5Ol
Let's give working families the security they deserve.
Here's a way to keep celebrating mothers across the country: fight for paid leave for all working families. http://ofa.bo/i5LA
To all the moms out there: Thank you for all you do. Happy Mother's Day.
"""We will be forever grateful for what these remarkable men and women did, for the selfless grace they showed in one of our darkest hours. But as we mark this 70th anniversary, let’s not simply commemorate history. Let’s rededicate ourselves to the freedoms for which they fought."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
"Goal complete: President Obama will visit South Dakota today, marking the 50th state he's visited during his presidency. 
Take a minute to check out White House photographer Pete Souza's hand-picked gallery from visits to the first 49: http://ofa.bo/h5DV"
223,000 jobs were added in April, making it the 62nd consecutive month of private-sector job growth. Read more in today's jobs report: http://ofa.bo/r5DS
Stand with the President's actions to fight climate change—add your name now: http://ofa.bo/t5AZ
When the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is higher than it's been in millions of years, it's not time for denial—it's time for action. http://ofa.bo/e4gr
"A new study found that the President's Clean Power Plan could save thousands of lives.
Read more: http://ofa.bo/i587"
There's never been a better time to take your organizing skills to the next level. Apply to be a summer fellow with Organizing for Action: http://ofa.bo/s592
"You're a part of all of us, and you've given us a great gift." ––President Obama last night on David Letterman, thanking him for 22 years of late-night television. http://ofa.bo/a4ho
"""No matter who you are, where you live, or how much money you’ve got, you should be able to access the world’s knowledge and information just like anyone else."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Great teachers influence us for life. Tell your story and share who's helped shape you: http://ofa.bo/g4tO
"Climate change is real as are its effects: stronger storms, deeper droughts, longer wildfire seasons and public-health risks." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/g4sc
"""Ms. Hefty taught me that I had something to say — not in spite of my differences, but because of them. She made every single student in that class feel special."" —President Obama
Read how his fifth-grade teacher helped shape the President's life: http://ofa.bo/e4WI"
"""If we don't write the rules ... We will be shut out—American businesses and American agriculture. That will mean a loss of U.S. jobs."" —President Obama on the need for America to lead on trade.
Read more from the President's interview with The Wall Street Journal. http://ofa.bo/j4tK"
When it comes to health insurance, having options is a good thing. http://ofa.bo/t4u4
"""My entire presidency is about helping working families recover from recession and rebuild for the future. As long as I’m President, that’s what I’ll keep fighting to do."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
The Obama administration is calling on American farmers to help fight climate change. http://ofa.bo/t4ry
One voice can change the world. That's what the OFA Summer Fellowship is all about: http://ofa.bo/f4s5
Climate change is real, and so are the President's actions to fight it.
Time and time again, the EPA has conquered huge environmental challenges. It's a good thing they're on the front lines in the fight against climate change. http://ofa.bo/h4rD
"""To celebrate the places that make America great ... and to kick off National Park Week, this weekend the National Park Service is offering free admission."" —President Obama
Find your nearest national park here: http://ofa.bo/t4r0"
"I'm asking both parties to give me trade promotion authority to protect American workers with strong new trade deals from Asia to Europe that aren't just free but are also fair." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/e4Ph
"""This is the only planet we’ve got. And years from now, I want to be able to look our children and grandchildren in the eye and tell them that we did everything we could to protect it."" —President Obama on combating climate change
Watch the weekly address."
Spring is in the air.
Share this and set the record straight on some of the biggest myths about climate change. http://ofa.bo/g4hz
Up top.
Everyone should be part of this conversation. http://ofa.bo/p4pr
Equal pay is not only good for families—it's good for our economy.
This is why we can't move backward on health care reform. http://ofa.bo/b4On
"""To make sure everyone is part of this resurgence, we need to build on what we know widens the path to the middle class—and you all know what it is: access to education."" —Vice President Biden 
Watch the weekly address."
Countries across the world are investing in clean energy. Climate change deniers are running out of excuses.
"""Caribbean countries are particularly vulnerable to the effects of climate change, and we have to act now."" —President Obama
Read more on how the United States and the Caribbean are making progress on clean energy. http://ofa.bo/g4bT"
From the First Lady's dance moves to how he would rate Obamacare, take a look at the President's interview with ABC News. http://ofa.bo/c4Hq
Missed the White House Easter Egg Roll? Check out these photos from the fun-filled day. http://ofa.bo/d4IP
"""There are a whole host of public health impacts that are going to hit home, so we've got to do better in protecting vulnerable Americans."" —President Obama on the link between climate change and public health.
Read more: http://ofa.bo/t4er"
There's still more work to do in the struggle for justice and equality, but today marks an important milestone for civil rights in this country. http://ofa.bo/j4cK
"Together, we can help more kids participate—so they too can dream bigger dreams about their futures." —President Obama on expanding Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. http://ofa.bo/g4aa
Climate change doesn't just fuel more extreme weather—it also poses a health risk to our families. http://ofa.bo/f4fZ
The House's budget plan would make big cuts to programs that are helping middle-class families. Find out how it affects your state. http://ofa.bo/d4Ho
Paid sick leave is essential, not only for working families, but for our economy. Read how this issue is gaining traction in Congress: http://ofa.bo/d4Hc
From musical performances to storytime on the South Lawn, check out the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll. http://ofa.bo/c4H4
Happy Easter.
"""This week, together with our allies and partners, we reached a historic understanding with Iran."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Read about the President's initiative to train 75,000 Americans for jobs in the booming solar industry. http://ofa.bo/t4d7
Nations across the world are fighting climate change by making big investments in clean energy. http://ofa.bo/r4bV
"“I just came home from school and said, ‘I need to write to the President.’”
Read how this 9-year-old impressed President Obama and got a personal letter back. http://ofa.bo/j4Ve"
The Washington Post confirms: Obamacare was a major reason why an estimated 50,000 patient deaths were prevented. http://ofa.bo/a4FR
U.S. leadership at home and abroad is crucial if we're going to solve global climate change. Read more about today's step forward: http://ofa.bo/a4ED
Tonight's the deadline to enter. Don't miss your shot to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/s4Vl
Not your typical Washington, D.C., vacation. This is your chance to meet the President: http://ofa.bo/r4Rv
"""I don’t think our top economic priority should be helping a tiny number of Americans who are already doing extraordinarily well, and asking everybody else to foot the bill. I think our top priority should be helping everybody who works hard get ahead."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Here's how you could meet President Obama: http://ofa.bo/i4Lu
The science is clear.
This would get so many likes. http://ofa.bo/a44t
Read how Obamacare positively impacted the careers and lives of these three women. http://ofa.bo/j4Ie
This is your chance to joke around with the President. http://ofa.bo/h4Ka
Since Obamacare became law, it's helped health care entrepreneurs create thousands of jobs for Americans. http://ofa.bo/e3yF
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. http://ofa.bo/s4Jy
"The bottom line is this for the American people: The Affordable Care Act—this law—is saving money for families and for business. This law is also saving lives." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/e3xv
"6-year-old girl scout: ""Have you ever had a brainstorming session yourself?""
President Obama: ""I have had a couple of brainstorming sessions.""
6-year-old girl scout: ""What did you come up with?""
President Obama: ""I came up with things like ... health care.""
See more from the White House Science Fair: http://ofa.bo/p4LN"
What inspired you to join this grassroots movement? Share your story, and you'll be automatically entered for the chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/i4Gw
After five years, the facts are clear: America is truly better with Obamacare. http://ofa.bo/c3uQ
"It’s time to embrace reality. Instead of trying yet again to repeal the Affordable Care Act ... we should work together to keep improving our health care system for everybody." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/t4C7
"""Congress should stop playing politics with law enforcement and national security ... And that means they should end the longest confirmation process for an Attorney General in three decades, and give Loretta Lynch a vote."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Another big step forward in combating climate change. http://ofa.bo/g43P
"One of these elected officials threw a snowball while on the floor of the Senate to disprove man-made climate change.
Vote now on who should advance to the Denial Finals: http://ofa.bo/j424"
It's time for House leaders to rethink their budget and put aside old policies that have failed middle-class families.
"""It's nice being just a little bit of the underdog."" —President Obama
Check out the Presidential Bracket: http://ofa.bo/f43n"
Happy Saint Patrick's Day.
President Obama sat down with American students and VICE News to discuss college affordability and the challenges of student debt. http://ofa.bo/r420
Check out the regional finals match-ups in the Climate Change Fantasy Tournament and vote before the Tuesday night deadline: http://ofa.bo/a3in
Health coverage means security. Thanks to Obamacare, millions more Americans now have it. http://ofa.bo/q3xI
"""In America, a higher education cannot be a privilege reserved for only the few. It has to be available to everybody who’s willing to work for it."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address."
Love shouldn't be a political issue. http://ofa.bo/s3gm
The wind industry could support 600,000 American jobs by 2050—that's real economic growth. http://ofa.bo/f3et
Vote for the biggest climate change denier and see who makes it past the first round. http://ofa.bo/p3jq
Our future leaders can already see the dangers of climate change. Let's follow their lead.
This is one of the reasons we can't backtrack on health care reform. http://ofa.bo/r3cr
This is major progress for solar energy. Read more: http://ofa.bo/q3a7
"On March 7, 1965, hundreds of people gathered in Selma, Alabama, to march—and to demand America live up to its ideals.
Watch President Obama and the First Family commemorate the anniversary at 2:35 p.m. ET. http://ofa.bo/h3Tt"
"""In too many parts of the world, girls are still valued more for their bodies than for their minds. That’s just plain wrong. And we all have to do more to stop it.”
Watch the weekly address."
"Selma isn’t just about commemorating our past ... Selma is now. “ —President Obama http://ofa.bo/f3Sq
Last month, the unemployment rate dropped to its lowest point in seven years, and our streak of private-sector job growth reached its 60th consecutive month. http://ofa.bo/e3Ex
The uninsured rate continues to fall through the first two months of 2015, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/g3L4
The economic recovery is real, and happening across the country. http://ofa.bo/e3Bt
"""We owe these girls, and girls like them around the world, an education worthy of their dreams.""
Read more from First Lady Michelle Obama on expanding the Let Girls Learn initiative: http://ofa.bo/f3Nd"
For the health and safety of our generation and the next, we have to act now.
"""In America, we believe that a lifetime of hard work and responsibility should be rewarded with a shot at a secure, dignified retirement.""
Watch the weekly address."
Only one day left to avoid a shutdown. Add your name to let Congress know where you stand. http://ofa.bo/t3Dm
Read about the safeguards President Obama is proposing to make sure Americans can retire with dignity and security: http://ofa.bo/i3Au
"""These steps are good for our economy, for our families, and for our country."" —President Obama on fixing our broken immigration system
Read the rest of the President's op-ed: http://ofa.bo/d2y6"
Less than two months in, and congressional leaders are already threatening a partial government shutdown over President Obama's common-sense immigration actions.
"""This is bipartisan legislation that would protect American workers, and promote American businesses, with strong new trade deals.""
Watch the weekly address."
First Steps.
This is why health care reform matters.
"We have the chance to open up more markets to goods and services backed by three proud words: Made in America. For the sake of our businesses, and American workers, it's an opportunity we need to take." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/r33u
The science is clear on climate change. It's time to call out elected officials who deny the facts: http://ofa.bo/j2yv
For the sake of millions of families, we can't go back.
Happy Presidents Day.
This is your last chance to get health insurance that starts in 2015. Don't miss it: http://ofa.bo/p32Z
No more waiting: http://ofa.bo/e2mp
This Valentine's Day, Nicholas and Dylan are finally able to celebrate their legal marriage. This is progress. http://ofa.bo/i2tR
"In today’s world, we have to equip all our kids with an education that prepares them for success, regardless of what they look like, or how much their parents make, or the ZIP code they live in." —President Obama
Don't miss it: http://ofa.bo/f2rY
Speaking of #YOLO: https://www.healthcare.gov/
"""What I’m very proud of is to see how rapidly the country has shifted and maybe the small part that I’ve played."" —President Obama on marriage equality progress during his interview with BuzzFeed
Read more here: http://ofa.bo/b2o8"
Share this with your friends and make sure they're covered before the February 15th enrollment deadline: http://ofa.bo/q2rp
You've got everything else covered. Make sure you have health insurance, too. http://ofa.bo/p2wC
WATCH: Last week, President Obama met with people from all over the country whose lives are better off thanks to the Affordable Care Act.
The President talks about job growth, Obamacare, and a lot more with Vox. Read the full interview: http://ofa.bo/t2pc
"""While we’ve come a long way, we’ve got more work to do to make sure that our recovery reaches more Americans, not just those at the top. That’s what middle-class economics is all about.""
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/a2jD"
In January, the economy added 257,000 jobs, capping the the biggest three-month gain in 17 years. Let's keep up the momentum. http://ofa.bo/f2lo
Be smart. Get covered before the February 15th deadline. http://ofa.bo/f2lM
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, this graduate student can focus on his studies without worrying about expensive medical bills.
Don't miss your chance to get covered for 2015: http://ofa.bo/a2gX
"""We pause to reflect on our progress and our history—not only to remember, but also to acknowledge our unfinished work. We reject the false notion that our challenges lie only in the past, and we recommit to advancing what has been left undone."" —President Obama on Black History Month 
Read more here: http://ofa.bo/f2jF"
President Obama's 2016 budget is taking the fight on climate change to the states. http://ofa.bo/d2aY
"""Our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999, and in 58 months we have created over 11 million jobs. Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis.""
See how the President's budget will keep up the progress for a stronger middle class: http://ofa.bo/s2i8"
Who'll it be?
"""Middle-class economics: the idea that this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot, everyone does their fair share, and everyone plays by the same set of rules."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d2XX"
The vast majority of Americans agree that something must be done to combat climate change. It's time for climate change deniers to get on board. http://ofa.bo/a2bG
"We would give working parents a chance to get ahead with guaranteed paid sick leave, and we'd give Americans of all ages a chance to earn new skills by making community college free for responsible students." —President Obama http://ofa.bo/e2X5
Life is as unpredictable as the Oregon Trail. Be prepared: http://ofa.bo/i2dc
See how the President's immigration action will grow the economy in New York: http://ofa.bo/a2ZM
9.5 million—that's good news. http://ofa.bo/t2cL
Give yourself some peace of mind, and get covered before the February 15th deadline: http://ofa.bo/r2ce
"""I know that there are Republicans in Congress who disagree with my approach ... But what we can’t do is simply pretend that things like child care or college aren’t important, or pretend there’s nothing we can do to help middle-class families get ahead. Because we’ve got work to do.""
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/i2Y8"
No joke.
It's time to listen to your friends and family. Get covered right now. http://ofa.bo/d2Pt
"""I believe Americans are tired of the political back and forth. People want to see an agenda that moves us all forward."" —President Obama
Read the President's latest message to OFA supporters: http://ofa.bo/c2Q0"
Let's go.
Add your name to stand up for an agenda that supports middle-class families: http://ofa.bo/h2Tr
Tonight. http://ofa.bo/r2UX
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." —Martin Luther King, Jr.
President Obama's State of the Union address will focus on middle-class economics. Tune in this Tuesday: http://ofa.bo/p2YJ
Happy birthday to an amazing, inspiring First Lady.
"""Our job now is to make sure that every American feels that they’re a part of our country’s comeback. That’s what I’ll focus on in my State of the Union—how to build on our momentum, with rising wages, growing incomes, and a stronger middle class."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/q2Sw"
Ready to go?
DEADLINE: Don't miss your chance to sign up today. http://ofa.bo/g2Mo
Great news: President Obama plans to cut methane emissions. Read more: http://ofa.bo/r2OZ
Check out your options now: http://ofa.bo/d2GT
ICYMI: The economy added 252,000 jobs in December, making 2014 the best year for job growth since 1999. http://ofa.bo/r2Ms
"""America’s resurgence is real. And now that we’ve got some calmer waters, if we all do our part, if we all pitch in, we can make sure that tide starts lifting all boats again. We can make sure that the middle class is the engine that powers America’s prosperity for decades to come."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/q2Jy"
Something great happened on January 1st: http://ofa.bo/q2HZ
The uninsured rate has dropped 4.2 percent since the Affordable Care Act went into effect: http://ofa.bo/i2Fg
This is how the Affordable Care Act is helping Americans: http://ofa.bo/a2DT
"""We have finally ended the debate in this country of whether or not health insurance is a right or a privilege. We think everyone in America has a right to have adequate health care insurance. And the Affordable Care Act gives them that right."" —Vice President Biden
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/b2Cf"
Hello, 2015. Here's to a great year.
Look back on all we accomplished in 2014: http://ofa.bo/d23L
Answer this one-question survey: http://ofa.bo/g26N
"""No matter how much partisan gridlock gets in the way or how powerful some special interests seem, I know we can keep making real, lasting change."" —President Obama
Read the President's latest message to OFA supporters: http://ofa.bo/c24B"
"""Merry Christmas, everybody ... We wish you and your family a happy and healthy 2015."" —President Obama
Watch the President and the First Lady wish all Americans a merry Christmas: http://ofa.bo/c22b"
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
Today's the last day to sign OFA's holiday card for President Obama—don't let your well wishes get left behind: http://ofa.bo/b25G
Talk to your loved ones this holiday season about taking this important step: http://ofa.bo/d205
Don't forget to sign this holiday card for President Obama: http://ofa.bo/d1zt
"""We have to make sure our economy, our justice system, and our government work not only for a few, but for all of us.""
Watch President Obama's weekly address: http://ofa.bo/f247"
Get prepared for the cold months ahead. Get covered today: http://ofa.bo/h23A
Sign the card to send President Obama your holiday wishes: http://ofa.bo/e1yQ
The uninsured rate is nearing a record low: http://ofa.bo/s22q
Is your name on this card? Here's your chance to wish President Obama a happy holiday and say what you're fighting for in the new year: http://ofa.bo/r22W
"May this Hanukkah embolden us to do what is right, shine a light on the miracles we enjoy, and kindle in all of us the desire to share those miracles with others. From my family to yours, Chag Sameach." —President Obama
In 2014, the U.S. economic recovery took major strides forward, and we set a new record for job growth––57 consecutive months and counting. Read more about the year in review: http://ofa.bo/r21z
Make sure you have health insurance on January 1st: http://ofa.bo/e1vl
"""So this holiday season, as we give thanks for the blessings in our own lives, let’s also give thanks to our men and women in uniform who make those blessings possible. Even as some are coming home for the holidays, many more will be far from their families, who sacrifice along with them."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/h1yR"
If your New Year's resolution includes having a healthy 2015, don't overcomplicate things: Start the year with health insurance. http://ofa.bo/g1vQ
Got covered on the marketplace? Make sure you're getting the best health care deal starting in 2015. Check out your options by December 15: http://ofa.bo/e1t1
According to an analysis by the Council of Economic Advisers, the President's actions on immigration could boost our GDP by up to $210 billion over 10 years. Read more about why immigration reform makes moral and economic sense: http://ofa.bo/a1uf
"""Everyone eventually grows older at sometimes a faster rate than others."" —President Obama filling in for Stephen Colbert during ""The Word"" segment on The Colbert Report
Watch the full clip: http://ofa.bo/r1wU"
Ready to make history? Only a few hours left to apply to become an OFA spring fellow: http://ofa.bo/c1sA
"""Critics play a dangerous game when they denounce the science and law EPA has used to defend clean air for more than 40 years. The American people know better."" ––Gina McCarthy, EPA administrator
Read the proposal for tougher ozone pollution standards: http://ofa.bo/c1ov"
So far this year, our economy has added 2.65 million jobs—that's on track for the best year of job growth since the late 1990s.
The House's vote on immigration would harm millions of families. Add your name if you think the political games need to stop: http://ofa.bo/g1oM
Want to make a difference in your community? Learn all about the OFA Fellows Program from Deputy Training Director Chelsey Wininger and former OFA fellow Aquiles Damiron in a Q&A on OFA's page at 1 p.m. ET.
You treat your home well. Do the same for your health. http://ofa.bo/p1wO
"""This World AIDS Day, we commemorate how far we've come in the fight against HIV/AIDS, remember those we lost, and commit ourselves to the work we still have to do."" —President Obama
Watch the President's statement on World AIDS Day."
The best thing you can do for yourself this weekend? Make sure you're covered: http://ofa.bo/p1so
Doris went years without insurance: She was either denied coverage or it was too expensive. Today, things are different: http://ofa.bo/b1n4
"""It’s easy to focus on what separates us. But as we gather with loved ones on this Thanksgiving, let’s remember and be grateful for what binds us together. Our love of country. Our commitment to justice and equality. Our belief that America’s best days are ahead, and that her destiny is ours to shape."" —President Obama
Watch President Obama wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving: http://ofa.bo/g1jd"
"""The American people expect solutions from the people they send to Washington."" —President Obama
Read the President's latest message to OFA supporters about why he's taking action on immigration: http://ofa.bo/f1lP"
A premium she can afford for the care she needs. This is why health care reform matters to Funke: http://ofa.bo/h1jU
Add your name if you agree with President Obama's action on immigration reform: http://ofa.bo/i1hP
President Obama will address the nation tonight and lay out steps to help fix our broken immigration system. Add your name to show your support for taking action right now: http://ofa.bo/a1fs
Best wishes for a great birthday, Vice President Biden.
There's no reason to put off getting covered any longer: http://ofa.bo/j1ds
Sign this petition: The internet should remain open and free. http://ofa.bo/q1fH
See why health care reform matters to Rick: http://ofa.bo/g1bc
Health care open enrollment is happening now. Don't miss your chance to get covered: http://ofa.bo/d1aQ
"""Tell your friends and family members to get covered ... Let them know that it’s easy, it’s affordable, and that they have just three months, starting today, November 15th, to sign up."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/a1be"
The countdown is over: The health care marketplace is open for business again. http://ofa.bo/p1hm
Watch: Will you be ready for tomorrow?
The moment is almost here: http://ofa.bo/b1a5
Last night, the world's two largest economies struck a historic deal to cut carbon pollution. Add your name to support this bold action to fight climate change: http://ofa.bo/r1YK
Spread the word: http://ofa.bo/h1X3
Join this team—and you will make a difference: http://ofa.bo/s1Wg
"This Veterans Day, and every day, let’s make sure all our veterans know how much we appreciate them." —President Obama
Real change can't happen without people like you: http://ofa.bo/e1UA
"""I'm urging the Federal Communications Commission to do everything they can to protect net neutrality for everyone."" —President Obama
Add your name if you support keeping the internet open and free: http://ofa.bo/d1S1"
Let's make it happen. http://ofa.bo/j1TT
This is what Organizing for Action is all about. Join the movement: http://ofa.bo/e1TF
"""If you see a veteran, go on up and shake their hand. Look them in the eye. Say those words that every veteran deserves to hear: 'Welcome home. Thank you. We need you more than ever to help us stay strong and free.'""
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/i1RB"
This week, voters sent a message about raising the minimum wage. http://ofa.bo/p1X4
Great news: The unemployment rate in this country is falling as fast as at any point in the last 30 years. We have to keep the momentum going.
"""So the simple truth is, when women succeed, America succeeds. And we should be choosing policies that benefit women, because that benefits all of us."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/r1Q5"
All ready for Halloween.
Facts are facts: Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, millions more young adults across the country have access to health insurance. http://ofa.bo/p1TT
No ghost is as terrifying as this.
Take one minute: http://ofa.bo/f1MA
It's all hands on deck before the November 15th enrollment period: http://ofa.bo/t1MO
"""We have to be guided by the science—we have to be guided by the facts, not fear."" —President Obama on Ebola
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/a1Lk"
The health insurance marketplace opens again in less than a month. Be a part of making this enrollment period a success: http://ofa.bo/h1JU
Only 24 days until the health insurance marketplace opens again for all Americans.
Do your part to help Americans get covered this fall—and help make health care reform a lasting success: http://ofa.bo/g1GY
Another big reason why health care reform matters: http://ofa.bo/s1JB
Quality health coverage doesn't have to cost an arm and a leg. Find out how Obamacare is working for you: http://ofa.bo/b1I9
You have a role to play in making the next health care enrollment period a success: http://ofa.bo/a1Fy
Get ready.
Share if you agree: America thrives when its middle class is thriving.
"""America deserves a raise right now. And America should forever be a place where your hard work is rewarded."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/c1An"
FACT: The economy would be better off #With1010. Add your name to this petition if you think it's time to raise the wage: http://ofa.bo/i1AZ
"Watch the President's message: ""Real change comes when all of us do our part. I'm going to keep at it, so that every American who's willing to work hard can have a fighting chance."" 
Sign this minimum wage petition: http://ofa.bo/s1BG"
According to a new survey, employers say a higher wage helps the economy and helps retain employees. Read more: http://ofa.bo/r1B2
What do you know about today's minimum wage? http://ofa.bo/i17u
Share if you're ready for marriage equality. #LoveIsLove
"""We do better when the middle class does better, and when more Americans have their way to climb into the middle class. And that’s what drives me every single day."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/h15U"
Progress: The economy has added 10.3 million private sector jobs over the past 55 months.
Raising the minimum wage will grow the economy, benefiting every American: http://ofa.bo/p19d
State and local leaders throughout the country aren't waiting for Congress to raise the minimum wage. Read about the progress being made: http://ofa.bo/e147
One year ago today, some extreme voices in Congress shut down the government—here's one reason why they won't try it again: http://ofa.bo/q14K
Everyone deserves access to affordable care: http://ofa.bo/e12N
"""The people of the world look to us to lead. And we welcome that responsibility. We are heirs to a proud legacy of freedom."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/g11X"
With an increase in insurance providers, consumers will have more options: http://ofa.bo/c0zq
Show your support for President Obama's plan to fight climate change: http://ofa.bo/i0zx
These Fortune 500 companies are great allies in the fight against climate change: http://ofa.bo/c0zV
"Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes to you and your families for a sweet and happy new year." —President Obama to those celebrating Rosh Hashana
President Obama just addressed the U.N. Climate Summit to make the case for strong action on climate change. If you agree, add your name: http://ofa.bo/h0y8
Julius' new health care plan came with a lower price tag—and the chance to pursue a dream. http://ofa.bo/e0xx
Share to say you're ready to take action on climate change.
Take note: Pre-existing conditions can no longer stop you from getting covered. http://ofa.bo/d0uc
As Congress leaves Washington, it's on you to keep up the conversation on the issues that matter most: http://ofa.bo/e0vy
This is about safe drinking water for your family, your neighbors, and future generations: http://ofa.bo/s0uu
It's simple: All Americans deserve clean drinking water. http://ofa.bo/a0u4
New friends.
The economy has improved greatly since the financial crisis hit six years ago today, but there's more work to do: http://ofa.bo/a0tq
In the weekly address, President Obama reiterates his plan to confront the threat posed by ISIL: http://ofa.bo/r0tQ
This is a public record of people who support expanding economic opportunity. Your name should be on it: http://ofa.bo/s0s0
Check this out: Americans are spending less on health insurance, and getting better coverage. http://ofa.bo/f0tR
"It has now been 13 years. Thirteen years since the peace of an American morning was broken. Thirteen years since nearly 3,000 beautiful lives were taken from us ... Thirteen years after small and hateful minds conspired to break us, America stands tall and America stands proud." —President Obama on the anniversary of 9/11
Put it in (digital) ink: Get your support for expanding economic opportunity on the record. http://ofa.bo/p0uk
Watch: Congress is back in session this week, so OFA decided to give Speaker Boehner a pep talk.
"""Americans want to work. And when given a fair shot, the American worker has never, ever, ever, let his country down. Folks, it’s never a good bet to bet against the American people."" —Vice President Biden
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d0p3"
Cynicism doesn't look good on anyone. Make the better choice: http://ofa.bo/b0sh
Add your name if you refuse to be cynical in the fight for change: http://ofa.bo/g0ph
Maryanne is paying less for her coverage. Read why she loves her new health care plan: http://ofa.bo/g0pa
Congress can do more to create economic opportunity—like working to reduce student loan debt: http://ofa.bo/h0p0
Now that Bill is covered, he finally has options: http://ofa.bo/a0o8
Happy Labor Day to every American working hard day in and day out.
If your family is getting bigger, you should check out your health care options: http://ofa.bo/t0n0
"The world cannot afford such recklessness on climate change." Read more: http://ofa.bo/g0lt
Watch: Austan Goolsbee, former chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, knows the word on the economy, and what Congress can do to help. Add your name if you're ready to see Congress do more: http://ofa.bo/j0kP
"""Your members of Congress are home this month. If you’re a small business owner or employee of a large business that depends on financing to tackle new markets and create new jobs, tell them to quit treating your business like it’s expendable, and start treating it for what it is: vital to America’s success."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d0io"
Jim didn't budget getting sick. But thanks to his health care coverage, he could afford to get the care he needed. http://ofa.bo/s0ki
More good economic news—let's keep heading in the right direction: http://ofa.bo/b0l3
Have questions about how to make an impact in moving the economy forward? Stop by OFA's Facebook page today at 1:00 p.m. ET and join a Q&A with Nico Probst, OFA's special projects director. Don't miss it.
This has been a great year for job growth. But there's more to do. http://ofa.bo/e0hV
"The day I finally got affordable health insurance, I practically ran through the streets yelling the good news." Read Jason's story: http://ofa.bo/b0jI
This is news worth sharing. http://ofa.bo/c0hR
"""For too many families across the country, paying for higher education is a constant struggle."" —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/h0cL"
Share this if you agree: The time to take action on climate change is now.
Read how OFA volunteers are speaking up for the new EPA carbon pollution standards: http://ofa.bo/b0gM
Share to show your support for cleaner air.
Read how climate change impacts like drought are affecting large regions of the country: http://ofa.bo/p0fZ
ICYMI: President Obama checked out mom-and-pop shops in Parkville, Missouri.
Watch President Obama’s weekly address about American operations in Iraq: http://ofa.bo/e0XU
Stay up to date on organizing around health care reform: Today at 1:00 p.m. ET on the OFA Facebook page, OFA's National Director of Issue Campaigns Lindsay Siler is answering your questions. You won't want to miss it.
LAST CHANCE: Help make President Obama's birthday special—sign OFA's birthday card before it's too late. http://ofa.bo/r0TM
Today is the day: Don't miss this chance to wish President Obama a happy birthday. http://ofa.bo/a0Qw
Make this birthday an unforgettable one—wish President Obama a happy birthday: http://ofa.bo/i0Nd
ICYMI: Job creation has lasted for 53 straight months—the longest streak on record. http://ofa.bo/b0SQ
Another year older and wiser. Wish President Obama a happy birthday by signing OFA's card here: http://ofa.bo/f0P0
"""Imagine how much farther along our economy would be—how much stronger our country would be—if Congress would do its job."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/p0Tt"
"53: The number of candles on President Obama's cake this year. 
3: The number of days left to sign OFA's card. 
Make sure to add your name: http://ofa.bo/b0Rh"
Great progress on private sector job growth, but there's still work to do.
Great news for seniors on Medicare, thanks to to the Affordable Care Act: http://ofa.bo/h0J0
Read about Former Ohio Governor Ted Strickland's experience taking the Live the Wage Challenge: http://ofa.bo/t0No
Working full time to support a family shouldn't mean living below the poverty line. See what it's like to live on $77 a week: http://ofa.bo/d0JH
Find out what the President is doing to help more Americans get better jobs in the new economy: http://ofa.bo/p0Mr
Great news for LGBT Americans in the workplace: http://ofa.bo/q0JG
"“Our economy grows best not from the top-down, but from the middle-out. We do better when the middle class does better.”
—President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d0Gb"
Share if you agree that a woman should have the right to make her own health care decisions—her boss shouldn't get a say.
Pals.
Chris is a lifelong sailor—and he knows climate change is already having an impact: http://ofa.bo/q0EQ
Good things happen when states raise the minimum wage: http://ofa.bo/r0E4
"Really, don't ask Governor Hickenlooper who won at pool." —President Obama
"""Do something, Congress. Do anything to help working Americans. Join the rest of the country. Join me, I'm looking forward to working with you."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/g0CE"
The uninsured rate is dropping—fast. http://ofa.bo/c0Bh
Watch: Jim owns a shoe store that's been open for 100 years, and he knows the importance of paying his employees a fair wage. http://ofa.bo/c0Ae
When volunteers deliver this minimum wage petition, make sure your name is on it: http://ofa.bo/d09g
President Obama is hitting the road to meet with Americans who wrote him a letter: http://ofa.bo/a08s
In case you missed it, there's good news to share about the economy. Here are some quick facts: http://ofa.bo/c096
With the Affordable Care Act, pre-existing conditions won't keep you from getting covered.
Weekend BBQ.
Enjoy the fireworks. Happy Fourth of July.
It's time to put people over politics in the 24 states that have not expanded Medicaid. http://ofa.bo/r06G
Sign your name to tell polluters and climate change deniers that enough is enough: It's time to act. http://ofa.bo/q05T
Watch: With or without Congress, let's move forward and make progress for the American people. http://ofa.bo/b06D
Add your name if you stand with women today: http://ofa.bo/f04C
Together.
Stand up for science: Call out climate change deniers. http://ofa.bo/s02W
"""Rather than stack the decks in favor of those who’ve already succeeded, let’s realize that we are stronger as a nation when we offer a fair shot to every American."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/s02P"
Watch: For these people, marriage is a gift. http://ofa.bo/tyF #LoveIsLove
Put your name on OFA's donor wall and show that you're making a difference: http://ofa.bo/dxK
Looking sharp.
Share if you believe it's time for immigration reform.
You shouldn't have to choose between work and family. Read the President's latest op-ed on workplace policies: http://ofa.bo/buG
"""Family leave. Childcare. Flexibility. These aren’t frills—they’re basic needs. They shouldn’t be bonuses—they should be the bottom line.""
Watch the President's weekly address: http://ofa.bo/csM"
Hand in hand.
Take your place in the fight to prevent climate change: http://ofa.bo/srt
More great news about health care reform: http://ofa.bo/srI
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, you can focus on getting better.
Add your name if you believe no one should face discrimination because of who they are or whom they love: http://ofa.bo/eqL
Something to celebrate: http://ofa.bo/dnn
To all the dads: Happy Father's Day.
To the class of 2014: Know your options. http://ofa.bo/anv
In the weekly address, President Obama wishes dads a happy Father's Day: http://ofa.bo/qpS
Watch this video and see what the @OFA Summer Fellowship is all about: http://ofa.bo/jmk
Share if you agree.
President Obama took action today to reduce the burden of student loan debt. Here's how he's working to make college more affordable: http://ofa.bo/qmU
Southpaw.
"""Over the past three decades, the average tuition at a public four-year college has more than tripled. The average undergraduate student who borrows for college now graduates owing almost $30,000.""
Watch President Obama discuss the growing issue of student loan debt: http://ofa.bo/jl0"
Kansas City business owners who raised their wages received a tasty award from OFA volunteers: http://ofa.bo/djr
Happy Pride Month.
Watch: Climate change is not an issue for the future—it's a threat today. Stand with President Obama and let's take action: http://ofa.bo/smK
The proposed standards on carbon pollution will mean cleaner air and fewer asthma attacks. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/tks
President Obama is taking action to limit carbon pollution from existing power plants. Add your name to join him: http://ofa.bo/pnJ
President Obama is taking a stand for public health by requiring existing power plants to curb carbon pollution. Show your support: http://ofa.bo/ejW
"""As president, and as a parent, I refuse to condemn our children to a planet that’s beyond fixing."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/tkE"
Every American should have access to affordable health care—but because of leaders in 24 states, some are being left behind.
Share if you agree: Blocking access to affordable health care is wrong.
Marriage equality has arrived in four new states in the past month alone. http://ofa.bo/pll
Leaders in 24 states are blocking Medicaid expansion for millions—this fight needs your help: http://ofa.bo/tib
"Today, we pause to remember our fallen troops, to mourn their loss, and to pray for their loved ones. Though our hearts ache, we find a measure of solace in knowing their legacy lives on in the families our heroes left behind." —President Obama
"""Our country was born out of a desire to be free, and every day since, it’s been protected by our men and women in uniform—people who believed so deeply in America, they were willing to give their lives for it."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/hht"
Cleared for landing.
Add your name if you agree it's time for leaders in 24 states to stop blocking Medicaid expansion. http://ofa.bo/dh6
Who's on first?
Here are 8 million reasons why the Affordable Care Act shouldn't be repealed.
This shouldn't be controversial. It's time for states to stop blocking Medicaid expansion.
"""I want to work with Congress to create jobs and opportunity for more Americans. But where Congress won’t act, I will."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/tgj"
Your annual checkup: covered.
Share this if you believe repealers should stop trying to take away people's health care.
This is progress: http://ofa.bo/shu
Some members of Congress continue to deny that climate change is real, or man-made, or dangerous. The truth is, it's all three.
This is wrong: Some states are blocking Medicaid expansion that would give coverage to millions.
"Sign this petition: http://ofa.bo/rgY
A yearly salary of $14,500 isn't enough. It's time to raise the wage."
Share this to push back on the health care repealers still working to take away access to affordable care.
Leaders in 24 states should put people over politics and stop blocking Medicaid expansion.
Sign this petition: $7.25 an hour just isn't enough anymore. http://ofa.bo/ifi
It's time to give working families a hand: http://ofa.bo/sgV
To all the moms: Feel celebrated today. Happy Mother's Day.
This Mother's Day, don't forget: Maternity care is covered.
"""Every four minutes, some small business or home owner is going solar.""
Watch the White House join in: http://ofa.bo/ge4"
So you can focus on getting better.
The impact of climate change is being felt by families and communities across the country. Tell your story: http://ofa.bo/gd8
"""Permission for greatness.""
That's what immigrating to the United States meant to Wilmer Valderrama, and that's why getting immigration reform done is so important to him."
"President Obama on teachers: ""We really can’t say enough about how important their role is in making sure that America succeeds. So thank you for what you’re giving our children and what you’re giving our nation."" 
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day."
Drought, flooding, rising seas, generally unpredictable weather, and other climate change-related hardships will worsen with time—unless we take action.
The percentage of uninsured Americans is shrinking, thanks to health care reform: http://ofa.bo/jcA
A full-time worker earning the federal minimum wage makes just $14,500 a year. If you believe it's time to give these workers a raise, sign this petition: http://ofa.bo/cce
Don't miss this: President Obama delivered plenty of jokes at the White House Correspondents' Dinner. http://ofa.bo/qde
Let's do this: Time for the White House Correspondents' Dinner. Watch live at 6:00 p.m. ET. http://ofa.bo/tck
"""I’m going to take action on my own wherever I can. To grow our economy from the middle-out, not the top down. To give every American who works hard a chance to get ahead. That’s what this Year of Action is all about, and that’s what I’m going to keep fighting for."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/ich"
Up top.
Sign the petition if you think this is long overdue. http://ofa.bo/bdJ
It's gonna be May.
Sign the petition: It's time for a higher minimum wage. It's time to give America a raise. http://ofa.bo/scl
It's time—for families, for our economy, for our nation. http://ofa.bo/dZq
Today is the last day to add your name to OFA's permanent record. Say you were a part of the history of health care reform: http://ofa.bo/dZa
Watch: If someone works full time and makes the federal minimum wage, do you know how much their annual salary is? http://ofa.bo/eZe
Health care reform took generations of organizing. Show that you were part of it: http://ofa.bo/jZc
Look what you accomplished: OFA volunteers pledged more than 500,000 hours in the final push for health care, and more than 8 million Americans now have affordable, quality health insurance plans from the new marketplace: http://ofa.bo/pcO
"""We know that our economy works best when it works for all of us—not just a fortunate few. We believe we do better when everyone who works hard has a chance to get ahead."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/sbf"
Lending a hand.
By trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act, some members of Congress are threatening to take away access to health care for children with pre-existing conditions.
7 out of 10 Americans support raising the minimum wage—and states are responding. http://ofa.bo/saf
The Affordable Care Act is making sure that Isaac is never held back by his health needs. Repeal could change that for him forever.
Some members of Congress still want to repeal the Affordable Care Act—even though that means pulling the rug out from under Renee and millions like her.
Free preventive care is helping Americans stay healthy—but some members of Congress want to repeal the Affordable Care Act and take it away.
Happy Earth Day.
State legislatures from both parties are reaching across the aisle to raise the minimum wage for their hard-working constituents: http://ofa.bo/tYe
Easter tradition.
"""The common thread of humanity that connects us all—not just Christians and Jews, but Muslims and Hindus and Sikhs—is our shared commitment to love our neighbors as we love ourselves."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/eXJ"
"Many full-time workers make just $14,500 a year. America can do better.
Add your name for a higher minimum wage: http://ofa.bo/cXR"
Happy National High Five Day. Spread the joy.
This is a big deal.
Welcome to Instagram, Mr. Vice President. http://instagram.com/vp
Here's what you helped do. http://ofa.bo/rXm
"The Passover story has always had special meaning. We come from different places and diverse backgrounds, but we are bound together by a journey." —President Obama
"You're not a lobbyist. You don't have your own PAC. You don't have millions to give to political causes.
OFA is for you. Get involved: http://ofa.bo/eVv"
Share this so people know to watch: Check out the first episode of "Years of Living Dangerously." http://ofa.bo/qXI
We need to create opportunity for all Americans, but the budget the House of Representatives just passed sweetens the deal for the wealthy and places more burdens on middle-class families: http://ofa.bo/bXG
The wage gap is real and it's hurting families. Stand with women and join the fight for equal pay today: http://ofa.bo/cUt
"Thanks in part to pressure from OFA supporters throughout the country, the Senate passed a bipartisan bill to restore unemployment insurance.
Now it's time to take the fight to the House. See how you can help: http://ofa.bo/qVj"
With this settled, Keegan can put all his energy into his business.
Thank you, doctor.
"Recently, the Gap decided to raise its base wages, and that benefited about 65,000 workers in the United States—and it led me to go shopping at Gap. Some of you may have seen the very attractive sweaters that I purchased for my daughters. They have not worn them yet." —President Obama
Thank you for helping to shape history. http://ofa.bo/iTs
Ready to catch spring fever?
73% of Americans support raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour. Add your name to show you agree: http://ofa.bo/aSU
History.
This is why health care reform matters: Renee, a cancer survivor, can no longer be denied coverage.
You can help fight back against the other side's scare tactics: http://ofa.bo/eRK
Amy never again has to worry about having access to her doctor.
Tell your friends: They're running out of time. The deadline to enroll in quality, affordable health insurance on the new marketplace is March 31st. http://ofa.bo/iRm
FACT: Breaking your leg could cost more than $3,000 without insurance. Don't get caught without coverage: http://ofa.bo/eQ9
Still need a reason? President Obama has a message for you: http://ofa.bo/fRW
Breaking your arm hurts bad enough, without a $7,000 price tag. Get covered now and keep money in your wallet: http://ofa.bo/hPl
Share Sam and Rebecca's story: They finally found the freedom and flexibility to pursue their dreams.
It's the grand opening of the official OFA online store. Enter the code LAUNCH5 and get $5 off all orders that are $35 or more: http://ofa.bo/pPW
"This is your chance to ask the experts about health care enrollment. OFA's Health Care Campaign Manager Erin Hannigan and Enroll America's Managing Director Chris Wyant will answer your questions today at 1:00 p.m. ET on OFA's Facebook page.
Don't miss the chance to get all of your questions answered before March 31st."
Love health care reform? Get ready to display this free sticker proudly: http://ofa.bo/bO0
"Over the past four years, over three million young Americans have been able to stay on their family plans. And over the past five and a half months alone, more than five million Americans have signed up to buy private health insurance plans on HealthCare.gov—plans that can no longer discriminate against preexisting conditions or charge you more just because you’re a woman or a cancer survivor—and millions more have enrolled in Medicaid." —President Obama, on the fourth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act.
Don’t get left out in the cold. Get covered by March 31st. http://ofa.bo/sMv
"""It's not a game, it's not politics. It's about giving assistance to people who are trying to get back on their feet.""
Lori wants Congress to renew unemployment insurance: http://ofa.bo/pMh"
"OFA supporters have pledged 500,000 hours to help out with the final push for health care.
Now it’s your turn. http://ofa.bo/dKJ"
Don’t let your chance to get covered get away. Enroll before the March 31st deadline: http://ofa.bo/rLT
"Consider health insurance if you're involved with:
1) Cheetahs
2) Hang gliding
3) Grapple hooks
John Cho throws it back to being young and reckless: http://ofa.bo/hKe #TBT"
This is the last call for health care enrollment in 2014, and there's work to be done. Join a Q&A with the leaders of OFA’s national organizing team, Sara El-Amine and Jennifer Warner, and Enroll America's Managing Director Chris Wyant on OFA’s Facebook page at 11:30 a.m. ET—and find out how you can get involved.
Time for some fun. Choose your favorite: http://ofa.bo/tJO
Share Erika's story: http://ofa.bo/sKJ
The enrollment deadline for 2014 is coming up fast—make sure you get covered by March 31st: http://ofa.bo/pK7
"DYK: 50% of uninsured single young adults are eligible for coverage that costs only $50.
Check out your options today: http://ofa.bo/bKF"
Watch: Keegan built his own business from the ground up—and the Affordable Care Act helped him do it. http://ofa.bo/iIf
"""We know from our history that our economy grows best from the middle out, when growth is more widely shared. So we’ve got to restore opportunity for all—the idea that with hard work and responsibility, you can get ahead.""—President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/qIc"
Options for affordable care on the new marketplace are mind-blowing. See for yourself: http://ofa.bo/aHs
Share this story: John was skeptical about the new health care marketplace—until he saw his options. http://ofa.bo/cGx
What are your 3.141592 favorite flavors? Happy Pi Day.
Take a look at your options. http://ofa.bo/bHx
#ThrowbackThursday: Family edition.
This calculator will tell you how little your health insurance could cost on the new marketplace: http://ofa.bo/aFG
You never know what you could save: http://ofa.bo/eEg
Watch: President Obama is interviewed between two ferns. http://ofa.bo/jEs
Up top.
There are only a few weeks left to get health coverage that starts in 2014. Don't wait: http://ofa.bo/jDq
Share Joshua's health care story: He's a healthy, young grad student with a limited budget. Find out how little he's paying for quality health insurance. http://ofa.bo/bEM
"""It’s time to give America a raise. And it’s time to restore opportunity for all."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/sDK"
Watch President Obama talk health care with a few people you may recognize from YouTube—including some who do a pretty good President Obama. http://ofa.bo/dCP
Don't miss your chance to get covered in 2014. Get enrolled now. http://ofa.bo/jD8
Share Margaret's life-changing story: http://ofa.bo/gBo
You might qualify for financial assistance on the new health care marketplace. Check out your options: http://ofa.bo/aCY
Share Tresa's story: This mother of four is no longer paying sky-high health premiums. http://ofa.bo/sCG
Share Michael's story: He's saving money, eligible for preventive care, and all his prescriptions are covered—thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/fC8
The final month of health care enrollment for 2014 is here. Are you covered? http://ofa.bo/gAi
Last call: http://ofa.bo/gAC
"""I’m going to keep doing everything in my power to rebuild an economy where everyone who works hard has the chance to get ahead—where we’re restoring our founding vision of opportunity for all."" —President Obama.
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/qAz"
Share if you believe in opportunity for all.
Center of attention. #BoBackThursday
Share to spread the word.
This one decision changed Keegan's life, and only costs him $175 a month: http://ofa.bo/hAJ
"This has to be a year of action." —President Obama
Share the President's latest message: It's time.
"""Here in America, no one who works hard should have to live in poverty—and everyone who works hard should have a chance to get ahead."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/d8o"
Share Rosetta’s story: Getting covered doesn't mean breaking the bank anymore—she pays less than $40 a month. http://ofa.bo/r9Y
Share this story about how Jake saves more than $200 a month on his health care: http://ofa.bo/t95
"“Tell Congress–it's time to stop withholding this economic lifeline for job-seekers, and start helping the more than a million unemployed Americans looking to get back on their feet.” 
Read Amee’s story and tell Congress to renew unemployment insurance: http://ofa.bo/g8W"
Share Margaret's story: "In my eyes, Obamacare literally saved my life." http://ofa.bo/j8l
Seven out of ten Americans support raising the minimum wage. Add your voice: http://ofa.bo/g8K #RaiseTheWage
Climate change is real. Take a stand with President Obama and say "yes." http://ofa.bo/r8E
Share Eileen's story: This grandmother finally has an affordable health care plan. http://ofa.bo/e7e
"""The opponents of raising folks’ wages have deployed the same old arguments for years, and time and again, they’ve been proven wrong. Let’s prove them wrong again, and give America a raise. 
Let’s make opportunity easier to come by for every American who’s willing to work for it."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/h7v"
Health coverage will be yours on March 1st if you enroll now. http://ofa.bo/i7a
Happy Valentine's Day, Michelle Obama.
Time is running out. Get shopping: http://ofa.bo/q7K
Share Cherlene’s story: Laid off with no insurance, all her options were more than $600 a month. Now, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, she pays less than $100. http://ofa.bo/b7L
LAST CHANCE: Sign up and you could meet President Obama: http://ofa.bo/a6n
We're saving a space for you. Act now, and you could meet the President: http://ofa.bo/j5A
Share this: Holly is a cancer survivor who can finally afford her health care: http://ofa.bo/j51
This is what it feels like to meet the President. http://ofa.bo/j4w
Share Eva's story: She's saving nearly $250 a month, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/f52
Want a chance to fly for free to D.C. and meet the President? Add your name today and say you'll lend a hand: http://ofa.bo/f58
This is your chance—help with the final health care push and be entered to meet the President: http://ofa.bo/s4c
Are you in? http://ofa.bo/j4E
"""Opportunity is the idea at the heart of this country—that no matter who you are or how you started out, with hard work and responsibility, you can get ahead."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/s4V"
Something worth smiling about: Here's your chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/h4V
Share this: Amanda and Solomon are newlyweds who had been uninsured for years. Now they're covered.
Get your best handshake ready: This is your chance to meet President Obama. http://ofa.bo/g41
Share Patti's story: She's saving money and has peace of mind. http://ofa.bo/c3k
"""It's not a game, it's not politics. It's about giving assistance to people who are trying to get back on their feet."" 
Read Lori's story: http://ofa.bo/j3f #RenewUI"
"The final push for health care enrollment is going to take all hands on deck.
Get involved and get a chance at a pretty amazing thank-you—from President Obama himself. http://ofa.bo/c3W"
Share this story: How one small business owner is saving big money with the Affordable Care Act, and what it means for his company. http://ofa.bo/e3p
"Is it spring yet?" —Sunny
Share: When Luis broke his arm in the second grade, he didn’t tell his parents because he was worried about the cost. Now, for just $114 a month, he doesn’t have to worry anymore. http://ofa.bo/s3a
These OFA Fellows are making a difference in Tennessee. Join them: http://ofa.bo/b3s
Share John's story: He's saving $500 a month, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. http://ofa.bo/r3O
Watch: For workers living on minimum wage, it's harder than it should be to raise a family in this country. President Obama is urging Congress to give America a raise: http://ofa.bo/g3U #RaiseTheWage
Game day.
Share Holly's story: “The relief of knowing I'm covered, regardless of my pre-existing condition, is priceless.” http://ofa.bo/r3J
"""These ideas will strengthen the middle class and help more people work their way into the middle class ... Every single day, I’m going to fight for these priorities—to shift the odds back in favor of more working and middle-class Americans, and to keep America a place where you can always make it if you try."" —President Obama in the weekly address. 
Watch more: http://ofa.bo/j32"
For #ThrowbackThursday, read some of the very shocking reasons people used to be denied health care: http://ofa.bo/q2t
Get ready to take action in 2014. Head over to the OFA Facebook page, and join today's Q&A with OFA Executive Director Jon Carson at 12:00 p.m. CT to talk about the State of Union.
The 2014 State of the Union address starts at 9:00 p.m. ET. Tune in: http://ofa.bo/d2V
"Watch the State of the Union with friends, family and neighbors.
RSVP for a watch party near you: http://ofa.bo/i2O"
"It's that time. Tomorrow President Obama will deliver his fifth State of the Union.
Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET. http://ofa.bo/h2M"
Red carpet.
"President Obama is preparing to deliver his fifth State of the Union address on Tuesday.
OFA wants to know which issues you're most excited to hear him discuss: http://ofa.bo/j0c"
"""Here in the United States of America, every man and woman, every girl and boy, has the right to be safe and protected and to pursue their own piece of the American Dream."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address on taking action to end sexual violence: http://ofa.bo/p0Z"
Share Amy's story: "Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, I am no longer denied coverage based on my pre-existing condition." http://ofa.bo/s0W
You won't believe why people used to be denied health insurance: http://ofa.bo/t0A #ThrowbackThursday
Health insurance advice from Kal Penn: Get covered. Help your friends get covered. Don't make out with someone with mono. http://ofa.bo/e01
Share this: The Affordable Care Act matters to Renee—a mother of three who was blindsided by cancer.
"An individual has not begun to live until he can rise above the narrow horizons of his particular individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity." —Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. #MLKDay
Something new to "like": Organizing for Action's new Facebook page, just in time for OFA's one year anniversary.
"""I firmly believe that this can be a breakthrough year for America. But to make that happen, we’re going to have to act."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/sv"
Organizing for Action was founded a year ago today—and what a year it's been. Thanks to the OFA volunteers for making it a great one.
Happy birthday to an incredible First Lady.
Wish the First Lady the happiest of birthdays tomorrow. Sign her card: http://ofa.bo/ss
"""I had multiple plans and companies to choose from, and the process took me just five minutes—plus it’ll save me $100 per month.""
This is why affordable health care matters to Patti: http://ofa.bo/by"
An apple a day.
Share this to help your friends see how much health insurance might cost on the new marketplace: http://ofa.bo/tX
More Americans are getting covered—and nearly 8 in 10 are qualifying for financial assistance. Find out more: http://ofa.bo/il
Enjoy Valentine's Day next month with health insurance: http://ofa.bo/ik
Share Rosetta's health care story: http://ofa.bo/rg
Need health insurance? Enroll by January 15th, and be covered on February 1st: http://ofa.bo/fg
"""Our success as a country depends on more than the success of our broader economy—it depends on the success of the American people. It depends on your ability to make ends meet, provide for your families, and, with a little hard work, feel like you can get ahead."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/fd"
Today's #ThrowbackThursday: http://ofa.bo/qS
Affordable health care is here—that's a win: http://ofa.bo/aU
Tell Congress to do right by job seekers: http://ofa.bo/pS
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, health care costs are growing at the lowest rate in 50 years: http://ofa.bo/iQ
Share to send Congress a message: It's time to renew unemployment insurance. http://ofa.bo/rN
Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012. Tell Congress to renew job seekers' economic lifeline: http://ofa.bo/bX
It's time to get covered: http://ofa.bo/cK
Today is a great day to get covered. http://ofa.bo/iL
Be covered on February 1st: http://ofa.bo/fN
"""Instead of punishing families who can least afford it, Republicans should make it their New Year’s resolution to do the right thing, and restore this vital economic security for their constituents right now."" —President Obama
Watch the President discuss why we need to extend unemployment insurance in the weekly address: http://ofa.bo/rJ"
Don't be upset—you can still be covered on February 1st. http://ofa.bo/gS
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE: Chip in $5 to OFA and be automatically entered for a free trip to Washington D.C. http://ofa.bo/dD
To keeping progress going in 2014: http://ofa.bo/i5
"OFA has big plans for next year, but one thing will never change: We're a grassroots organization built one donation at a time.
Let's end this year strong: http://ofa.bo/p6"
Show your support for progress and become an OFA 2013 founding member: http://OFA.BO/t5
Peace on Earth.
The sincerest form of flattery.
Today's #ThrowbackThursday: Before Obamacare, it was possible to reach a lifetime limit on health care spending—a lot sooner than you think. http://OFA.BO/FYkAUB
Here's how to be covered on January 1st: http://OFA.BO/F5yp8t
This country needs more leaders on immigration. Tell these representatives to step up: http://OFA.BO/t5vzTN #ActOnReform
Enroll by December 23rd and have a very happy New Year. http://OFA.BO/SqSgCF
When you spend time with those you love this holiday season, make sure they know that a happy new year starts with health insurance: http://OFA.BO/dVg2af
Getting covered is at your fingertips: http://OFA.BO/UpHXQB
"Wanted: Leaders on immigration reform.
Which one of these six representatives will be that leader? http://OFA.BO/3Jyzse #ActOnReform"
"""Madiba’s passing is rightly a time of mourning, and a time to celebrate a heroic life.""
Watch President Obama speak at the memorial service for Nelson Mandela: http://OFA.BO/J4W77c"
Santa's helpers.
To be covered on the first day of the new year, follow these simple steps: http://OFA.BO/3Fa82A
"When Isaac was just one year old, he was dropped from his health insurance because he had hit his lifetime limit. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, that can't happen anymore.
Read Isaac's story: http://OFA.BO/dKArQU"
"""Extending unemployment insurance isn’t just the right thing to do for our families—it’s the smart thing to do for our economy. And it shouldn’t be a partisan issue."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/7Ty2v5"
"Let us pause and give thanks for the fact that Nelson Mandela lived—a man who took history in his hands and bent the arc of the moral universe toward justice." —President Obama
Need health insurance? Check out your options on the new marketplace, and buy by December 23rd to be covered on January 1st. Find out more: http://OFA.BO/h1A1ic
If you want to keep fighting for the agenda Americans voted for last November, apply to be an OFA Spring Fellow today: http://OFA.BO/TyKasU
"You’ve got to tell your friends, you’ve got to tell your family. Tell your coworkers. Tell your neighbors. Let’s help our fellow Americans get covered. Let’s give every American a fighting chance." —President Obama on the Affordable Care Act
These representatives serve districts that want leaders on immigration reform. Organizing for Action is going to make sure they know that. Add your name to tell them it's time for action: http://OFA.BO/nyuXuW #ActOnReform
With a simple gesture 58 years ago today, Rosa Parks helped change America.
There are still plenty of opportunities to talk to your loved ones about health insurance during the Festival of Lights. Here's how you can #GetTalking: http://OFA.BO/jLryyY
When the whole family gets together for the holidays, make sure a talk about health insurance is on the menu. http://OFA.BO/Rg96S3
Tell these five representatives: We need a leader on immigration in the House: http://OFA.BO/Jngdf7 #ActOnReform
"During National Family Week, we celebrate the spirit that moves family members to care for one another, to grow and dream together, and to instill in their children the character that keeps our nation strong." —President Obama
"""After decades in which the middle class was working harder and harder just to keep up, and a punishing recession that made it worse, we made the tough choices required not just to recover from crisis, but to rebuild on a new foundation for stronger, more durable economic growth."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/7XM3Ve"
These five House members have the opportunity to lead on immigration reform. Tell them it's time: http://OFA.BO/ihWVXk #ActOnReform
Share this: Health care shouldn't be a privilege for just a fortunate few—it should be a right for everyone. #Obamacare
"President Obama wants to cut through the noise and talk with you directly about where we're headed in the fight for change.
Get on the phone with the President tonight: http://OFA.BO/MqvYUe"
"""More good jobs. Cheaper and cleaner sources of energy. A secure energy future. Thanks to the grit and resilience of American businesses and the American people, that’s where we’re heading."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/EA9o6f"
Family.
Share to show your support for women's access to quality, affordable health care.
Daily briefing.
Today we honor every service member who has ever worn one of our nation's uniforms. Happy Veterans Day.
Tomorrow is Veterans Day—be sure to thank those who have served this great nation.
If you care about the success of Obamacare, join the team: http://OFA.BO/TGF6pu
"""One party in one house of Congress should not stand in the way of millions of Americans who want to go to work each day and simply be judged by the job they do ... I urge the House Republican leadership to bring this bill to the floor for a vote and send it to my desk so I can sign it into law."" —President Obama on the Senate passing the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA). 
Tell them you agree: http://OFA.BO/aRa13U"
"One year ago.
Share if you are still committed to the agenda Americans voted for last November."
"Thank you for bringing it back home." —President Obama congratulates the Chicago Blackhawks on winning the Stanley Cup
It's time to work together to help people get covered. Join Team Obamacare: http://OFA.BO/8Ap72t
"We wish all those celebrating this weekend a Happy Diwali and Saal Mubarak." —President Obama
Happy Book Lover's Day. What are you reading?
How many people have holiday dinners like this? http://OFA.BO/CpvtVC #GetTalking
Don't let people scare you out of getting affordable health insurance. #GetCovered
Happy Halloween!
"Today President Obama speaks at Faneuil Hall about the success of the Massachusetts health care plan—a blueprint for Obamacare.
Tune in at 3:55 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/TzgdKS"
"Today, we remember our fellow Americans who lost their lives to that storm, and we comfort the families who grieve them still." —President Obama on the anniversary of Hurricane Sandy #O29
Don't let your lawmaker be that guy. http://OFA.BO/djkQt7
"Climate change is real and it's affecting Americans right now.
Add your voice and tell Congress to take action: http://OFA.BO/H6SZ2F #ThisIsReal"
"""I’ll never stop fighting to help more hardworking Americans know the economic security of health care. That’s something we should all want."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address on Obamacare: http://OFA.BO/KmoXkJ #GetCovered"
Last night the White House went pink for Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
Hi there.
The House of Representatives can join the long list of those that support immigration reform. #ActOnReform
"Time to double down on immigration reform.
Watch this bilingual video about OFA's efforts to get the House of Representatives to take action: http://OFA.BO/MC8GnL #ActOnReform"
"President Obama recorded a personal message for OFA supporters about the launch of the new health insurance marketplace, and the role you can play in helping Obamacare succeed.
Watch it here: http://OFA.BO/zKnyzP"
"""We have a unique opportunity to fix our broken system in a way that upholds our traditions as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. We just need Congress to finish the job."" —President Obama
Tell the House of Representatives: #JustFixIt. http://OFA.BO/VPKiuZ"
"Our goal has always been to declare that in this country the security of health care is not a privilege for a fortunate few. It's a right for all to enjoy." —President Obama #GetCovered
Have a great weekend.
"""We come from different parties, but we’re Americans first. And our obligations to you must compel all of us, Democrats and Republicans, to cooperate, and compromise, and act in the best interests of this country we love."" —President Obama
Watch this week's address: http://OFA.BO/vio992"
"Members of the First Family meet Malala Yousafzai. 
""On every continent, there are girls who will go on to change the world in ways we can only imagine, if only we allow them the freedom to dream.” — President Obama"
Americans have worked too hard to recover from one crisis to be forced into another one by Tea Party Republicans. Tell Congress to #EndThisNow: http://OFA.BO/NNpKgX
Tell Congress: Do your job. End the government shutdown, end the threat of an economic shutdown. #EndThisNow: http://OFA.BO/h6Z1uQ
"If Congress doesn't raise the debt ceiling, America could face an economic shutdown.
Tell the Tea Party Republicans to #EndThisNow: http://OFA.BO/uQJNPy"
The Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown is jeopardizing veterans' benefits. Say #EnoughAlready: http://OFA.BO/Fyv15E
"""It's ridiculous."" Here's what ordinary people think about Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown.
Watch: http://OFA.BO/dZHdrQ #EnoughAlready"
"""Let’s pass a budget, put people back to work, and end this Republican shutdown. Let’s pay our bills, and prevent an economic shutdown. Then let’s get back to the work of the American people."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/9M3oH5"
Share this: The Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown means most of our food isn't being inspected anymore.
Share this: For more than 800,000 workers, the Tea Party Republicans' government shutdown means going without pay. #EnoughAlready
Speaker Boehner says there aren't enough votes in the House of Representatives to reopen the government. Here's what those keeping count say: http://OFA.BO/WsBAn4 #JustVote
"Irresponsible." "Reckless." "Dangerous." Watch OFA's new ad, and tell Speaker Boehner to end this #TeaPartyShutdown now: http://OFA.BO/dJ5yFP
Day four of the #TeaPartyShutdown and Speaker Boehner still hasn't offered any real solutions. Meanwhile, Yosemite National Park was closed on its birthday.
"You and I" #21Years http://instagram.com/p/fBoPAWmuZZ/
A group of Tea Party extremists in the House of Representatives shut down the government in a failed attempt to derail Obamacare. Tell the Speaker of the House to stand up to them and end the #BoehnerShutdown now: http://OFA.BO/6PeapG
Spread the word—Obamacare is here. http://OFA.BO/CG9qV8 #GetCovered
Obamacare is here and the new health insurance marketplace is open for business. Join the team that's going to help make sure the law is a success: http://OFA.BO/YmsThE
This is your movement. Chip in $5 today to support the agenda Americans voted for last November: http://OFA.BO/peFnN4
"""The American people have worked too hard to recover from crisis to see extremists in their Congress cause another one."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/Q69vRZ"
The other side may have deep pockets, but OFA is a movement of millions of people—just like you. Put your name on the donor wall and show where you stand. http://OFA.BO/XqADMN
"Congress needs to pass a budget on time. Congress needs to put an end to governing from crisis to crisis." —President Obama #EnoughAlready
"Fridge, filing cabinet, car, dishwasher.
All great places for your new OFA magnet, free with a donation today: http://OFA.BO/Zy8tRe"
Americans are standing up and telling Congress #EnoughAlready. Add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/P4JyZn
When you miss school to see the President, the President makes sure you have a note to explain.
"Here is what a group of Republicans want: Shut down the government or defund #Obamacare. Neither is an acceptable option.
Tell them #EnoughAlready: http://OFA.BO/nJgUxD"
Share if you #StandWithWomen and support equal pay.
A government shutdown could undermine our recovering economy—all in the name of politics. Watch OFA's new ad and say #EnoughAlready. http://OFA.BO/xrcxyn
Share if you're ready to stand with President Obama and #ActOnClimate.
"Today, we can honor those we lost by building a nation worthy of their memories." —President Obama on Patriot Day
This evening President Obama will address the nation regarding the ongoing situation in Syria. Tune in at 9:00 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/Xvs89w
#Obamacare is helping kids and their families gain access to quality, affordable care. Show your support: http://OFA.BO/hLa2gX
Watch President Obama's address on the ongoing debate in Congress on Syria: http://OFA.BO/mfC58x
It's 2013, and millions of LGBT Americans still lack basic protection from discrimination under the law. Let's fix that. http://OFA.BO/4oMVw2 #ENDA
"I want to wish you and your families a sweet and happy new year. Shanah Tova." —President Obama to all those celebrating #RoshHashanah tonight
Tune in at 11 a.m. ET to hear President Clinton's take on #Obamacare. http://OFA.BO/xaHXMY
Show your support for women's access to affordable health care: http://OFA.BO/C4v16i
This #LaborDay, stand with the working men and women of America—add your name in support of raising the minimum wage. http://OFA.BO/AEDmgK
"That’s the lesson of our past. That's the promise of tomorrow—that in the face of impossible odds, people who love their country can change it." —President Obama #MLKDream50
"Fifty years ago, Americans gathered in Washington and Dr. King shared a dream for a nation. Today at 2:45 p.m. ET, President Obama speaks from the Lincoln Memorial, honoring our nation's progress and continued march to greater opportunity.
Watch live and chat with other viewers: http://OFA.BO/nYtfnY #MLKDream50"
Back to school.
Happy National Dog Day.
Celebrating 93 years of women's right to vote: #WomensEqualityDay
"""Higher education shouldn’t be a luxury, or a roll of the dice. It’s an economic imperative that every family in America should be able to afford."" —President Obama
Watch the President discuss his plan to #MakeCollegeAffordable: http://OFA.BO/j8wLt9"
Keeper.
Keith is making a difference in his community. Join him—sign up to volunteer with OFA: http://OFA.BO/dwLfga
The majority of Americans support common-sense gun violence prevention measures. #WhatWillItTake for Congress to act?
"Keep the pressure on Congress—make sure they don't let gun violence prevention fall by the wayside. Find an event near you this week, and make sure your voice is heard: http://OFA.BO/s6eDpp
#WhatWillItTake"
"This year, Congress had the chance to pass common-sense legislation that 9 out of 10 Americans said they wanted—but they failed to act.
#WhatWillItTake to make gun violence prevention a priority?"
Meet the newest member of the Obama family: Sunny.
"""Your health insurance isn’t something to play politics with. Our economy isn’t something to play politics with. This isn’t a game. This is about the economic security of millions of families."" —President Obama
Watch the weekly address: http://OFA.BO/oKxfuN #Obamacare"
Out for a stroll.
"If you work 40 hours per week with the current federal minimum wage, your annual income is still below the poverty line.
Join President Obama in calling on Congress to raise the minimum wage for millions of Americans: http://OFA.BO/a8rd8E"
"""We have to all shoulder the responsibility for keeping the planet habitable, or we're going to suffer the consequences—together."" —President Obama
Tell Congress we can't wait any longer to act on #climate change: http://OFA.BO/LYpTJk"
Happy #LeftHandersDay.
Climate change is happening and it's time to act. #ScienceSaysSo
"The plan I have put forward to reduce carbon pollution and protect our country from the effects of climate change is the path we need to take. And if we remember what’s at stake—the world we leave to our children—I’m convinced that this is a challenge that we will meet." —President Obama
Preseason.
"""If we work together, we can make a home a source of pride and middle-class security again."" —President Obama
Watch the President speak about #ABetterBargain for homeowners in this week's address. http://OFA.BO/MeFbxN"
How do you do?
In the groove.
"Congress is home for the month—you have their ear. Let them know about the issues that matter most.
Get involved in #ActionAugust: http://OFA.BO/5CAkEu"
"We’ll make owning a home a symbol of responsibility, not speculation—a source of security for generations to come, just like it was for my grandparents. I want it to be just like that for all the young people who are here today and their children and their grandchildren." —President Obama #ABetterBargain
Tonight.
Today President Obama is in Phoenix, Arizona, to lay out his plan to help homeowners and strengthen the housing market. You don't want to miss this: http://OFA.BO/mW9szb #ABetterBargain
OFA volunteers young and old were out in force today to talk to their communities about comprehensive immigration reform. Get involved in Action August today—say you'll #StandWithOurFuture.
"Today OFA volunteers are calling on their representatives in Congress to #StandWithOurFuture and bring comprehensive immigration reform to the House.
Be a part of this: http://OFA.BO/tyNMPe"
For President Obama's birthday, OFA organizers and volunteers across the country got together to talk to their communities about Obamacare... and eat cake.
#44 is 52. Here's your last chance to sign OFA's official birthday card to President Obama: http://OFA.BO/MT8uZr
Happy 52nd Birthday, President Obama.
Tomorrow is President Obama's 52nd birthday. Make him smile—sign OFA's official card: http://OFA.BO/mi2Sq6
Forty meaningless attempts by the House of Representatives to repeal Obamacare won't affect you one way or the other—but here are 40 things that may make your life better: http://OFA.BO/r3FPZS
#BoBackThursday
"This month, OFA volunteers will take part in a nationwide effort to demand action on key issues while Congress is home on recess. 
Make a difference during #ActionAugust: http://OFA.BO/3dycdA"
It's a deal.
"Today, President Obama will highlight the need for strong middle-class jobs in order to support our economy. 
Listen to the President speak from Tennessee about #ABetterBargain at 2:00 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/dajwCV"
Just a taste.
"""What you do day to day away from the TV cameras, that's what is going to make a powerful difference."" —President Obama, speaking to Organizing for Action volunteers 
Get involved in Action August and make your voice heard in Washington: http://OFA.BO/zwYnJz"
Crowd pleaser.
"""Repealing Obamacare, gutting critical investments in our future, threatening to default on the bills this country has already racked up, or shutting down the government ... None of that will take this country where it needs to go.""
Watch what the President has to say about his priorities for the remainder of his presidency in this week's address: http://OFA.BO/6cfu7V"
The President's priority for the next 1,265 days? Build #ABetterBargain for America's middle class. Watch the new OFA ad to learn more: http://OFA.BO/anQeEL
"We've got to set our eyes on the horizon." —President Obama
Today, President Obama laid out his priority for his final 1,276 days in office: building #ABetterBargain for the middle class. Find out more: http://OFA.BO/uv8LKA
"During the August congressional recess, make sure your members of Congress know where you stand on the issues that matter most.
It's easy to get involved in #ActionAugust. Find out how: http://OFA.BO/zNBF7Q"
"The cornerstones of what it means to be middle class? Job security, education opportunities, access to affordable health care and the ability to save for retirement. 
Tomorrow, President Obama will speak about why the middle class is the heartbeat of the American economy. Don't miss this speech: http://OFA.BO/t3wFp4"
Good morning.
It's National Ice Cream Day. What's your flavor?
"Each successive generation seems to be making progress in changing attitudes when it comes to race. It doesn’t mean we’re in a post-racial society. It doesn’t mean that racism is eliminated. But when I talk to Malia and Sasha, and I listen to their friends and I see them interact, they’re better than we are on these issues. And that’s true in every community that I’ve visited all across the country." —President Obama
If your representative in the House wants to reduce the deficit, they should take action on immigration reform today. Add your voice: http://OFA.BO/6TJJEc #TakeItToTheHouse
"Gina McCarthy's confirmation today as head of the Environmental Protection Agency is an important step forward. We need common-sense policies now to protect our planet and our future. 
Add your voice and say you'll #ActOnClimate: http://OFA.BO/sGMKvz"
"May Nelson Mandela’s life of service to others and his unwavering commitment to equality, reconciliation and human dignity continue to be a beacon for each future generation seeking a more just and prosperous world." —President Obama, recognizing #MandelaDay
The time is now for comprehensive immigration reform to help our economic recovery and strengthen Social Security. Add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/SRf3Mi #TakeItToTheHouse
"On this day 44 years ago, #Apollo11 launched into space, embarking on a mission to make America the first to explore the moon. 
Share to honor one giant leap for mankind."
"""The House needs to act so I can sign commonsense immigration reform into law. And if you agree, tell your Representatives that now is the time."" —President Obama
Watch his weekly address: http://OFA.BO/1P3gY8"
Pals.
Did it?
Getting the scoop.
It's time for the House to step up and pass comprehensive immigration reform. Tell your representatives to #TakeItToTheHouse: http://OFA.BO/Aiab7K
It's time to take the next step towards comprehensive immigration reform. Tell your representatives to #TakeItToTheHouse: http://OFA.BO/3SN1ZQ
Will you do your part to #ActOnClimate and shape our planet's future? http://OFA.BO/dmejHE
"We can't afford to wait for Congress to take action against climate change. That's why President Obama is taking the initiative to leave a cleaner, safer planet for our children.
Join him today: http://OFA.BO/ZoJBnr #ActOnClimate"
Comprehensive, compassionate immigration reform will improve our national security and speed up our economic recovery. Be a part of this fight: http://OFA.BO/2SfBeL #AmericanStory
Immigration is part of the #AmericanStory. This holiday weekend, add your voice to the fight for comprehensive reform: http://OFA.BO/RFFW68
Happy Fourth, everybody.
"The #AmericanStory has long been written by immigrants. 
On July 4, 1776... 
""Fifty-six founders put their names on a piece of paper. Up until that moment, none of them were American. Even those who had spent their entire lives in one of the thirteen colonies had grown up in another country.” —Cecilia Muñoz, White House Domestic Policy Council"
The time is now. Don't let the House fail to fix our broken immigration system. Add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/nHW7oe #AmericanStory
President Obama and his family stand inside a cell on Robben Island, where former South African President Nelson Mandela was held prisoner for 20 years.
Don't be shy. Just sign up now and you could be fist-bumping the President in no time: http://OFA.BO/kXin97
Want to be a great friend? You'll get to bring along a guest to meet the President backstage this summer if you win—it's free to enter. http://OFA.BO/n28K1Z
Will you jump for joy if you win a trip—free airfare and hotel—to meet President Obama? Enter to win here: http://OFA.BO/BuQKfK
Backstage is the place to be—especially when the President is there. Enter now to meet President Obama backstage this summer (free airfare included): http://OFA.BO/YfLW7p
It's been a remarkable week for our country. You can help keep up the momentum: http://OFA.BO/yTWvEi #LoveIsLove
"This is huge: Today, a bipartisan super-majority in the Senate voted to pass immigration reform.
Let's keep up the momentum heading to the House: http://OFA.BO/WgQ495 #AmericanStory"
Sign up now for your chance to meet the President backstage—free airfare and hotel included: http://OFA.BO/5XjV12
"This could be you.
You and a guest could be picked to fly out to meet President Obama. Enter for free: http://OFA.BO/pS9C2E"
"Today, President Obama laid out a bold vision for America to face the global challenge of climate change.
Show your support today: http://OFA.BO/5FAavN #ActOnClimate"
"President Obama promised to act to address climate change—and today he will.
If you agree that America needs a strategy to meet this challenge, add your voice today: http://OFA.BO/yncZkj #ActOnClimate"
Nice 'do.
At 1:35 p.m. ET on Tuesday, President Obama will announce his plan to meet the growing threat of #climate change: http://OFA.BO/V7QLB3
Shop at your local small business today to mark the close of National Small Business Week 2013. #SBW2013
"Help spread the word about how Obamacare is helping millions of Americans access affordable health care. 
Join Team Obamacare today and get a free bumper sticker: http://OFA.BO/myw7HM #ObamacareWorks"
Home sweet home.
"The CBO made it clear: Immigration reform is good for the economy, and shrinks the deficit—by nearly $1 trillion. Let's get it done.
Show your support today: http://OFA.BO/dZpCQt #AmericanStory"
Dog days of summer.
Happy Father's Day.
"""If there’s one thing I’ve learned along the way, it’s that all our personal successes shine a little less brightly if we fail at family. That’s what matters most.""
Watch President Obama's weekly address celebrating Father's Day: http://OFA.BO/EKV7v9"
Share this to show your support for marriage equality this LGBT Pride Month.
"Six months ago today, 26 families were torn apart by gun violence. Our representatives in Congress still have yet to take action to protect our children and our communities.
Don't let a milestone like today pass without doing something. Pledge to make a call to Congress: http://OFA.BO/9JmSgC #NotBackingDown"
Tomorrow marks six months since Newtown, and Congress has yet to take action to reduce gun violence. Let them know that you are #NotBackingDown.
A fair pathway to earned citizenship will keep families together and keep our communities strong. Don't miss your chance to show support for comprehensive, compassionate immigration reform: http://OFA.BO/uCvKe1
"Need your opinion: Want to help tell the story of how the Affordable Care Act is improving the lives of millions of Americans? Help pick the official Team Obamacare bumper sticker.
Vote here: http://OFA.BO/1rhiAF"
Yesterday the Senate voted overwhelmingly to take the next step towards immigration reform. Let's get it done. Add your name today: http://OFA.BO/tQMWp5
The time is now—show your support for immigration reform: http://OFA.BO/HZwa3F
Youth outreach.
"Photo: President Obama signs the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act in 2009, in his first month in office. Today, on the 50th anniversary of the Equal Pay Act, the President made it clear that our work on equal pay for women is not finished:
""I want every child to grow up knowing that a woman’s hard work is valued and rewarded just as much as any man’s."""
"""The bill before the Senate isn’t perfect. It’s a compromise. Nobody will get everything they want—not Democrats, not Republicans, not me. But it is a bill that’s largely consistent with the principles I’ve repeatedly laid out for common-sense immigration reform."" —President Obama
The Senate will be debating comprehensive immigration reform next week. Watch the President's weekly address to find out exactly why this bipartisan bill must be passed: http://OFA.BO/D86cDg"
Belly rub.
"""What we want is to make sure that the voices of the people who put me here continue to be heard."" —President Obama
Organizing for Action represents these voices every day. Watch to learn more and get involved: http://OFA.BO/E2Yih4"
"Immigration has always been part of the American story. It's time to streamline our legal immigration system, and provide undocumented immigrants with a path to citizenship.
Add your voice today, and let's get this done: http://OFA.BO/r49Jvn"
Last weekend, 39 state chapters held Organizing for Action Founders' Summits. OFA members shared what motivates them to volunteer and discussed their next steps on issues ranging from immigration to climate change.  Are you fired up? Join us today: http://OFA.BO/5qrXoa
Happy LGBT Pride Month. Congratulations to these states on embracing equality in 2013. Let's keep up the momentum.
In 2012, Congress voted to keep student loan interest down. Unless they act now, rates will double on July 1. We can't let that happen. http://OFA.BO/dPjMZi
"Immigration has always been part of the American story, and reform will strengthen our economy and keep families together.
The time is now. Join the fight: http://OFA.BO/vH9FP9"
Today we remember our fallen heroes.
"Our military remains the most trusted institution in America. When others have shirked their responsibilities, our Armed Forces have met every mission we've given them. When others have been distracted by petty arguments, our men and women in uniform come together as one American team." —President Obama speaking to the United States Naval Academy class of 2013
Nice to meet you, Mr. President.
"Tomorrow morning, OFA takes the March for Innovation baton. 
Start brainstorming great immigration reform questions for Executive Director Jon Carson--and share this poster to spread the word about his Twitter town hall."
Join the March for Innovation this week, and let Congress know that now is the time for immigration reform: http://OFA.BO/tPQBaM
"President Obama gets a literacy lesson while visiting a pre-K classroom at Moravia Elementary School in Baltimore.
Share if you believe in the importance of early childhood education."
Can I come in?
"Pakistani entrepreneur Faizan Buzdar wanted to bring big ideas to the U.S. and hire American workers for his tech startup. Our broken immigration system stood in his way. 
Check out the video of Faizan's American Story, and add your support to the March for Innovation: http://OFA.BO/ptdsKH"
"""Every time I walk through these kinds of facilities I'm thinking, this is just magic. I don't know how they do it."" 
- President Obama on a tour of Applied Materials yesterday in Austin, Texas.
Like this if you love science, too."
"Pick your favorite: Which brush-off from climate deniers do you think is the most embarrassing?
No more games. Say you'll hold climate deniers in Congress accountable: http://OFA.BO/DRgqYc"
Share this if you agree that now is the time for comprehensive immigration reform.
OFA promised that the fight for common-sense gun violence prevention was far from over. Now we're proving it.
Last chance: Sign this petition by midnight tonight demanding Congress act to expand background checks for gun sales -- http://OFA.BO/po5WyD
"Add your name, and join more than 750,000 Americans standing together to demand expanded background checks for gun sales: http://OFA.BO/5B1LPj
It's time for Congress to act."
"Congress needs to hear from you. Sign this petition now saying you won't back down until they act to expand background checks for gun sales: http://OFA.BO/KfmYDM
Let's get this done."
Share if you agree: Immigration is a part of all of our stories.
"Organizing for Action will deliver this petition to Congress next week demanding action on gun violence prevention. Make sure your name is on it: http://OFA.BO/s9x6FH
Tell Congress you won't back down until they act."
"""I know Republicans are still sorting out what happened in 2012, but one thing they all agree on is they need to do a better job reaching out to minorities. And look, call me self-centered, but I can think of one minority they could start with.""—President Obama, joking at the White House Correspondent's Association Dinner.
Watch the full video of President Obama's speech last night: http://OFA.BO/obw4S5"
TONIGHT: President Obama speaks at the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner, hosted by Conan O'Brien. Watch live at 9:45 p.m. ET: http://OFA.BO/vHy1Yd
Have some fun this weekend.
Tell the climate deniers in Congress: It's time to stop denying the overwhelming science on climate change. Add your name now: http://OFA.BO/2HwHq7
"Organizing for Action volunteers got a chance to thank Senator McCain personally this weekend for his vote on background checks for gun sales.
Like this to show your support for the senators who took a tough vote to do the right thing."
In 1970, more than 20 million people participated in the first Earth Day. Today the lesson of the moment is as important as ever.
Today supporters around the country are showing their senators they're not done fighting for gun violence prevention. Add your name: http://OFA.BO/tXeeRr
Share if you agree: The fight to prevent gun violence isn't over.
Can you pick up the phone right now and call your senators? Today is the day to make our voices heard on gun violence. http://OFA.BO/rARViF
Pledge to call the Senate tomorrow—be part of the National Call Day for gun violence prevention: http://OFA.BO/6LidEn
"Thousands gathered across the country yesterday to remember the victims of gun violence. 
Share if you agree: It's time for Congress to act."
As you probably noticed, that’s not the President. Watch to see why President Obama is not giving the weekly address today: http://OFA.BO/xpMr7w
Share if you agree: We've waited long enough for immigration reform.
Worth sharing: Senator McCain agrees that the American people deserve a vote on common-sense measures to reduce gun violence—and he's willing to call out those who would stand in the way. (via Demand Action)
Share this if you agree: Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote—and it's time for Congress to act.
"""We need parents, we need teachers, we need police officers, we need pastors, we need hunters and sportsmen—Americans of every background—to say we've suffered too much pain and care too much about our children to allow this to continue."" —President Obama
Share this if you're one of the 92% of Americans who want Congress to close background check loopholes for all gun sales: http://OFA.BO/U5MvvD"
Happy Friday.
Share the news: Our economy has added nearly 6.5 million private-sector jobs over 37 straight months.
Like this if you agree it's time to fix our broken immigration system so families like Claudia's aren't needlessly torn apart. http://OFA.BO/R6F4N8
Presidential portrait. (h/t Kid President)
"""Tears aren't enough. Expressions of sympathy aren't enough. Speeches aren't enough. We've cried enough. We've known enough heartbreak."" —President Obama on why families who have lost loved ones to gun violence deserve a vote now.
Share this and add your name if you agree: http://OFA.BO/DPQNFJ"
Jogging buddies.
"Nearly all of us came from someplace else.
Like this and share your family's immigration story if you agree it's time to fix our broken immigration system: http://OFA.BO/aPdkaD"
"Reading is important. If you know how to read then the whole world opens up to you." —President Obama at The White House Easter Egg Roll: http://OFA.BO/bxBShE
Ready for Opening Day.
Happy Easter!
This week, thousands of supporters around the country held more than 100 events to urge Congress to help protect our kids by reducing gun violence. Add your name to join them: http://OFA.BO/YGsVVY
Heads up.
Pitch in $5 or more now to become a founding member of Organizing for Action and help restore the balance of power to ordinary people: http://OFA.BO/pr844h
Share this and add your name if you agree: Universal background checks shouldn't be controversial—and it's time for Congress to get it done. http://OFA.BO/s1JWXv
All smiles in the Oval Office.
Share this if you believe every American should be able to marry the person they love.
Like and share this if you stand with the millions of Americans fighting for marriage equality.
Share this if you believe in marriage equality for all.
Share this if you agree: Our immigration system has been broken for too long—and it's time for Congress to fix it. http://OFA.BO/kVcMav
Share your family's immigration story and say why we need to reform our broken immigration system—then pass this on so your friends and family can, too: http://OFA.BO/NvNkjC
"Three years later, Obamacare is still a BFD.
Share this link so your friends know how it's saving lives and helping millions of Americans afford quality health insurance: http://OFA.BO/7xRwMY"
Like this if you agree that no American who works full time should have to live in poverty—then share President Obama's plan to raise the minimum wage: http://OFA.BO/VaSpqD
Share this and add your name to tell Republicans in Congress to invest in clean energy and help combat climate change—not gut the progress we've made to protect the environment: http://OFA.BO/HjTkTg
Finish your bracket: It's time for March Madness.
Like and share this if you agree: Passing background checks for all gun sales will save lives and make us safer—and it's time for Congress to act.
Like and share this if you stand with same-sex couples around the country fighting for the right to get married.
Snack time.
Add your name to help President Obama deliver on the agenda Americans voted for last fall: http://OFA.BO/ASiPm2
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
"After years of talking about it, we’re finally poised to take control of our energy future." —President Obama in his weekly address: http://OFA.BO/7EoxHp
When all our voices are heard, that's when change happens. Join Organizing for Action to help pass President Obama's agenda: http://OFA.BO/PdjKG7
Happy Pi Day! (h/t The White House)
Like & share this if you support President Obama's balanced plan to protect vital services and reduce the deficit (via The White House).
Spring forward.
"What binds us together will always be more powerful than what drives us apart." —President Obama in his weekly address: http://OFA.BO/1eqFj2
Share the good news: Our economy has added nearly 6.4 million private-sector jobs over 36 straight months. http://OFA.BO/ou5vcs
"Happy International Women's Day.
""Empowering women isn't just the right thing to do—it’s the smart thing to do."" —President Obama: http://OFA.BO/v6JH7Y"
"""Instead of coming from the highest-paid lobbyists on K Street, change will come from Americans organizing across the nation.""
Read & share this message from Jim Messina on how Organizing for Action is putting the power back in the hands of the American people—not special interests: http://OFA.BO/b1MWmh"
Every family that has lost loved ones to gun violence deserves a vote. Tell Congress it's time to act: http://OFA.BO/kS4j3Y
Like this if you'd honk—then tell Congress to close background check loopholes to keep guns out of dangerous hands: http://OFA.BO/WSJQci
"Like & share this if you agree: We should never cut student aid before closing tax loopholes for millionaires and large corporations.
Tell Congress to stop these cuts now: http://OFA.BO/e5KYMJ"
Buddies.
"Devastating budget cuts are going into effect because Congressional Republicans refused to act.
Like and share this if you agree it's unacceptable—then add your name to support the President's plan to stop these cuts: http://OFA.BO/1Zxrh9"
It's time to do the right thing for our children and our communities: Like this and add your name to support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids. http://OFA.BO/j8YbmZ
"Renewing this bill is an important step towards making sure no one in America is forced to live in fear, and I look forward to signing it into law as soon as it hits my desk." —President Obama on today's passage of the Violence Against Women Act: http://OFA.BO/ojTaaX
"“We can't ask seniors and working families like yours to shoulder the entire burden of deficit reduction while asking nothing more from the wealthiest and the most powerful.” —President Obama
Share this if you agree—then add your name to support the President’s plan to stop severe cuts to vital services: http://OFA.BO/4zbspk"
“In a single moment, with the simplest of gestures, she helped change America—and change the world.” —President Obama at the unveiling of the Rosa Parks statue in the U.S. Capitol: http://OFA.BO/x8stns
Share this if you agree with Sean—then add your name to support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids: http://OFA.BO/BWoRz8
Like and share this if you agree: We can't afford to cut vital services that middle-class families depend on. It's time for Congress to stop these severe budget cuts and focus on creating jobs: http://OFA.BO/cVUzQH
"If Congress doesn't act by Friday, severe spending cuts would slash vital services for children, seniors, the mentally ill, and our men and women in uniform.
Share how these cuts could affect your family—and why Congressional Republicans should protect middle-class families over tax loopholes for millionaires: http://OFA.BO/utoPad"
Happy Oscars night.
Yesterday, thousands of supporters at rallies and events around the country called on Congress to act to reduce gun violence. Check out some of the highlights—then find out how you can help make it happen: http://OFA.BO/dTBtb8
Thousands of supporters around the country spoke out today and called on Congress to reduce gun violence. Join them: http://OFA.BO/ANGb3H
"If we can save even one life by reducing gun violence, then we have an obligation to try. It's time for Congress to act.
Share this if you agree."
92% of Americans agree that universal background checks will help keep guns out of dangerous hands. Like this if you're one of them—then tell Congress to act to reduce gun violence: http://OFA.BO/Lj8k3r
Now is the time to reduce gun violence and protect our kids. Find out how you can help make it happen—then share this so your friends can, too: http://OFA.BO/LNA6AH
May I have this dance?
Like and share this if you agree: It's time for Congress to avoid self-imposed, brutal spending cuts and focus on making America a magnet for good, middle-class jobs.
Happy Presidents' Day!
"""Last year, there were 443 murders with a firearm on the streets of [Chicago], and 65 of those victims were 18 and under. So that’s the equivalent of a Newtown every four months."" —President Obama
Find out how you can help reduce gun violence and protect our kids—then share this so your friends can, too: http://OFA.BO/7TmuJ4"
"America only moves forward when we do so together—when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations. That’s the American story. And that is how we will write the next great chapter—together." http://OFA.BO/PCPbpo
I spy...
They deserve a vote.
President Obama laid out his plan: Now it's in our hands. Pitch in $5 or more now to help get it done: http://OFA.BO/4AXuZX
"He shall, from time to time..."
President Obama's getting ready: Like and share this if you're excited to hear his State of the Union speech tonight.
Share this if you support President Obama's plan to reduce gun violence and protect our kids.
"All we required was the opportunity to succeed." —Victor G. on why fixing our immigration system is so important to him and his family. Help pass real reform by sharing your family's immigration story here: http://OFA.BO/V4WmHu
Even former President Reagan agrees: Weapons of war have no place in our communities.
Nearly all of our families came to America from someplace else. Help fix our broken immigration system by sharing your family's story: http://OFA.BO/oMaFgw
Add your name if you support President Obama's plan to reform our immigration system: http://OFA.BO/iakCvc
We are more alike than we are different: http://OFA.BO/CcVhCv
“Now it’s time to finish what we started. Let’s get going.” —President Obama on why he needs your help to keep fighting for middle-class families. Get started now by signing up for Organizing for Action: http://OFA.BO/5U64Uo
High five.
“Her defiance spurred a movement that advanced our journey toward justice and equality for all.” —President Obama on the 100th anniversary of Rosa Parks’ birth: http://OFA.BO/URbra7
Game day.
Make sure your friends heard the good news: Our economy has added more than 6.1 million private-sector jobs over the past 35 months.
"The time is now. You must act. Be bold. Be courageous. Americans are counting on you." — Gabby Giffords urging the Senate today to take action on gun violence
Share this if you agree with President Obama: We need a fair and common-sense immigration system that lives up to our heritage as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.
Photo of the day: A run along the Colonnade with the children of new Chief of Staff Denis McDonough. http://OFA.BO/wXsvYx
"By remaining vigilant against those who seek to perpetrate violence and murder, we honor those we lost during one of the darkest periods in human history. And we keep their memory alive for generations to come." —President Obama on International Holocaust Remembrance Day
Each one of us needs to speak up and demand action to reduce gun violence. Here's how you can help, right now: http://OFA.BO/ToNN67
The President's view on Monday.
"I want to take a look one more time. I'm not going to see this again." —President Obama pausing while leaving his second inaugural ceremony to look out onto the crowd on the National Mall
First dance.
"Our journey is not complete." —President Obama
President Obama will be sworn in for the second time tomorrow. What are your favorite memories from his first inauguration?
What does being sworn in for a second time mean to President Obama? Hear it straight from him: http://OFA.BO/hHXyT7
President Obama and the First Lady helped paint a school for today's National Day of Service. Did you volunteer in your community? Share your experience in the comments.
Share this link with your friends and family to make sure they've got a chance to join our work to reduce gun violence: http://OFA.BO/WNPp46
Now is the time. Say you stand with the President and Vice President to reduce gun violence: http://OFA.BO/onN3YZ
Happy birthday, Michelle Obama!
Your friends should have the facts about the President's common-sense plan to reduce gun violence—share this graphic to spread the word.
"Republicans in Congress have two choices here: They can act responsibly, and pay America’s bills; or they can act irresponsibly, and put America through another economic crisis. But they will not collect a ransom in exchange for not crashing the American economy." —President Obama yesterday at the final press conference of his first term http://OFA.BO/MoNZ9p
One of our favorite 2012 photos: The President and First Lady at the wedding of a family friend in Chicago.
"By the end of next year, America’s war in Afghanistan will be over." —President Obama http://OFA.BO/Urrm5T
As we start a conversation about the next chapter of this movement, take a look at some of the biggest moments from the last one: http://OFA.BO/hwRtdq
Help write our next chapter: Be a part of the conversation over inauguration weekend about what's next for this organization. http://OFA.BO/6AiBAc
Join President Obama and Americans across the country for a National Day of Service on January 19th: http://OFA.BO/f2rmEe
Photo of the day: A moment in the Oval Office.
Share this chart to spread the good news: The private sector added 168,000 jobs in December, for the 34th month of growth in a row. http://OFA.BO/sTnMAP
Make sure your friends see this—an update on the bipartisan agreement to prevent a tax hike on 98% of Americans, straight from President Obama: http://OFA.BO/ZDFJXT
"President Lincoln knew that in these United States, no dream could ever be beyond our reach when we affirm that individual liberty is served, not negated, by seeking the common good." —President Obama on the Emancipation Proclamation, which Lincoln issued 150 years ago today. http://OFA.BO/iEPfUZ
"Today, a proud nation expresses our gratitude. But we do so mindful that no ceremony or parade, no hug or handshake is enough to truly honor that service. For that, we must do more. For that, we must commit—this day and every day—to serving you as well as you’ve served us." —President Obama
The day after the election, the President made a surprise visit to campaign HQ in Chicago to give a heartfelt thank-you to staff and volunteers. Here's what he said. http://OFA.BO/jvkSZp
The definition of hope is you still believe, even when it's hard.
Thank you.
Four more years.
Let your friends know you had the President's back today: http://OFA.BO/7PT2Wd
Help turn out voters in key states where just a few votes could make the difference: http://OFA.BO/crWt35
Grab a few friends to join you when you vote today! Confirm where you vote here: http://OFA.BO/DEKHf2
It's time to go vote! Confirm your polling place here: http://OFA.BO/sh52NU
We've come too far to turn back now. Let’s go vote. Let’s go do this. http://OFA.BO/9PMpkY
If you’ve got the President’s back tomorrow, let him know.
Your friends need to know that the choice in this election is between strengthening the middle class or returning to the failed policies that crashed our economy. Send them this link: http://OFA.BO/RRqxqN
Two days left to re-elect President Obama—be a part of the final push: http://OFA.BO/vzXafN
President Obama made the bold decision to order a raid on Osama bin Laden’s compound in Pakistan, eliminating the man responsible for the 9/11 attacks and the only leader al Qaeda had ever known.
President Obama has saved the typical middle-class family $3,600 in taxes. Compare what you'd pay under the President's plan versus Mitt Romney's: http://OFA.BO/ytLJYD
Learn how Obamacare benefits you and your family: http://OFA.BO/wwAXbN
See how the President's plan is helping students afford college: http://OFA.BO/UUnCev
President Obama kept his promise to end the war in Iraq. Mitt Romney called the decision to bring our troops home from Iraq “tragic.”
Before President Obama took office, the economy was losing 800,000 jobs a month. Now, we've seen 32 consecutive months of job growth and 5.4 million new private sector jobs. http://OFA.BO/ooYXuK
President Obama refused to let the American auto industry die: "I knew betting on American workers was the right thing to do."
President Obama repealed “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” so that gay and lesbian servicemembers no longer have to lie about who they are to serve the country they love.
President Obama is fighting for the American Dream because he's lived it. http://OFA.BO/kV8SNu
A special message from Will Ferrell: http://OFA.BO/uuVED4
The choice on education: http://OFA.BO/H6J6uh
The choice for commander in chief: President Obama’s four years of strong leadership vs. Mitt Romney’s reckless statements and poor judgment. http://OFA.BO/egwL2s
"Read my plan. Compare it to Governor Romney's. And decide which is better for you." http://OFA.BO/hAKuC8
Your friends should see this chart before they step into a voting booth. http://OFA.BO/ydN8VY
This is the choice on choice—and it’s something every American needs to know before voting: http://OFA.BO/ovBHSS
"I voted for him in 2008, and I plan to stick with him in 2012."—GOP former Secretary of State and retired four-star general Colin Powell on why he supports President Obama in this election: http://OFA.BO/sCEHDg
This weekend is one of the last chances we have to get out the vote—pick up a shift for the President: http://OFA.BO/R8Z8M2
Make sure your friends know how Obamacare is making health insurance more affordable for their families: http://OFA.BO/YSZUEq
Election Day is just a week away. If you've already cast your ballot, let your friends know: http://OFA.BO/zhu598
Our thoughts this morning are with everyone who's been affected by the storm. Help support relief efforts where they're needed most by donating to the Red Cross: http://OFA.BO/ruDtEw
Why are you voting for President Obama? Leave your No. 1 reason in the comments and tag a friend to let them know.
Help get the word out on President Obama’s accomplishments—as quickly as you can: http://OFA.BO/ewJdZv
States along the East Coast are preparing for Hurricane Sandy. If you can, please support American Red Cross disaster relief efforts here: http://OFA.BO/JdnJ23
Make sure your friends get the facts on how President Obama is fighting for women: http://OFA.BO/AnNUoH
“Nothing can stand in the way of the power of millions of voices calling for change.” Use your voice this weekend—canvass for the President: http://OFA.BO/szAFkA
President Obama is the first sitting president to vote early. Find out if you can vote early in your state—then share this so your friends can, too: http://OFA.BO/AxXHsS
“Our destiny is not written for us, it’s written by us. And we’re going to write the next chapter together.” Check out the President’s plan to keep us moving forward—then pass it along: http://OFA.BO/sNyEof
President Obama on day one of his 8-state, 48-hour tour: "The crowds are great—the enthusiasm is unbelievable. People are working so hard." Follow along with the rest of the trip here: http://OFA.BO/TJh6K4
Ready, set, go: President Obama is visiting 8 states over the next 48 hours, and you can get an inside look at his trip here: http://OFA.BO/Kue1gb
Make sure your friends and family see President Obama’s second-term plans to keep us moving forward: http://OFA.BO/AefFhG
Say cheese.
Share if you agree: President Obama won the final debate because his leadership has made America stronger, safer, and more secure than we were four years ago.
If you place an order today, you’ll get everything by Election Day. The code LASTCALL gets you 30% off and, as always, shipping is free: http://OFA.BO/Eyy11V
One conversation could make the difference in this election—make a few calls to voters today: http://OFA.BO/c2jR3Q
President Obama paid Jon Stewart a visit yesterday—watch the interview here, and pass it on: http://OFA.BO/vQaox4
Fired up in Ohio.
“Being married to Michelle, and having these tall, beautiful, strong-willed girls in my house, never allows me to underestimate women.” –President Obama
Forward, not back. http://OFA.BO/9Eaycy
Share this if you agree: Our daughters should have the same opportunities as our sons.
President Obama has a specific plan to create jobs and grow the economy. Mitt Romney doesn't.
Team Obama had a big win in the second debate—and it's because the President has the right plan to move us forward: http://OFA.BO/e4Q94o
Share this if you’re ready to cheer on Team Obama in tonight’s debate: http://OFA.BO/fbArd8
This campaign is in the palm of your hand. Give $10 to Obama for America by texting GIVE to 62262.
Make sure your friends know—Mitt Romney isn't telling voters the truth about his plans for the country: http://OFA.BO/hJ1QYy
If you’re on Team Obama-Biden, now’s the time to show it. Pitch in $10 now to help make sure we keep moving forward: http://OFA.BO/gpHEnu
Like and share this if you're siding with the middle class—and Team Obama-Biden—after tonight's debate.
Don’t miss the VP debate—it starts in just a few hours: http://OFA.BO/Fva9a2
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for women's health, and that's President Obama: http://OFA.BO/iq9kNz
“The friendship that we established early on in our marriage … that carries you through tough times. That and a good sense of humor.”— President Obama
Stand with the only candidate in this election who’s fighting to make college more affordable: http://OFA.BO/vpgTCh
Share this graphic so your friends know the choice on taxes in this election: http://OFA.BO/SFbD9C
Today's the voter registration deadline for Colorado, Florida, Michigan, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and several other states around the country. Take a couple minutes to fill out your voter registration form here—then stick it in the mail today: http://OFA.BO/FXkddi
This new tool shows you exactly how President Obama’s policies are making a difference in your community—just plug in your zip code: http://OFA.BO/xFKoY1
Some amazing news this morning: 1,825,813 people came together to raise $181 million for this campaign and combined committees in September. Thank you—let's keep it going: http://OFA.BO/KsRE8c
Share the good news: The economy has added 5.2 million private-sector jobs over 31 straight months, and the unemployment rate is below 8% for the first time since January 2009. More on President Obama's long-term plan to create jobs: http://OFA.BO/Qs2XwM
If you’re on Team Obama, let him know.
Last night’s no. 1 takeaway: the President has a plan to move us forward—Romney doesn't. http://OFA.BO/gUjxPP
Make sure your friends know: President Obama's the choice to move us forward, not back. http://OFA.BO/AGtLDM
Like & share this if you've got the President's back in tonight's debate. http://OFA.BO/LzKQuX
20 years ago today.
This election is important. Get registered before it’s too late: http://OFA.BO/aiZE5V
Tomorrow night's first presidential debate is a huge moment in this campaign. Cheer on the President with supporters in your community: http://OFA.BO/16TpXc
Oval Office, how can I help you?
People are already voting in some states around the country—so this election's already begun. Make sure you and your friends are registered and ready to vote: http://OFA.BO/zjs7F9
The best thing you’ll read today: http://OFA.BO/vnDJma
“I’m not fighting to create Democratic jobs or Republican jobs—I’m fighting to create American jobs.” —President Obama in Milwaukee
Free car magnet! http://OFA.BO/7dgYfw
Check out President Obama's plan to keep us moving forward—then pass it on: http://OFA.BO/UBk6DL
Time to choose.
"“I am Barack Obama and this is my wife, Michelle.”—President Obama
“I’m his date.”—Michelle Obama
Throw your name in the hat for your shot at joining the President for dinner: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf"
John and Cathleen from Wisconsin left Dinner with Barack with a presidential thank you note—for the sitter who was watching their two kids. The note read, “Jenna, thanks for watching the boys and your support." Make your own memories with President Obama—sign up for the final Dinner with Barack: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf
Wendi, an artist, brought some postcards for her upcoming art show to share with her fellow guests at Dinner with Barack. The President surprised Wendi by asking her to autograph a postcard for him, which he took with him as a souvenir. You and a guest could be a part of the last Dinner with Barack—enter now: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf
DWB guest Scott recounted this story: "The most amazing part is when he offered everybody a fry—it was kind of like 'Oh my God, the President is offering me his fry.' And I didn't take it, because I said to myself, 'I'm not going to take a fry from the President of the United States!' But I should have." Time’s running out: Pitch in now for your chance to have dinner with the President. http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf
President Obama told the story of the time he put then-4-year-old Malia’s hair in a bun for ballet (mom was out of town). The teacher took one look and said, “Would you like me to redo your hair?” Malia said, “Yes, please. This is a disaster.” Trade stories with the President at the last Dinner with Barack: http://OFA.BO/1NnDMf
Being President of the United States of America means you're President for everybody.
If you agree that we’re all in this together, stand with the President and pass this on: http://OFA.BO/GUnam8
If you agree that we need a President who stands up for all Americans, pitch in $5 now: http://OFA.BO/53CrMK
Last call to get your favorite Obama bumper sticker for free—choose yours right now: http://OFA.BO/TXtTsZ
If you're willing to stand with me, and vote for me, and organize with me, we will finish what we started. http://OFA.BO/uzuW5N
Share the President's plan to build on 30 months of private-sector job growth: http://OFA.BO/zoSZRA
With only a few weeks until voter registration deadlines, use our new app to get your friends and family registered now: http://OFA.BO/1cFetv
In August, we closed the fundraising gap with Mitt Romney and the Republicans for the first time since April. That's huge—but we can’t let up. Help make sure this campaign keeps growing by getting your friends involved—start a grassroots fundraising page right now: http://OFA.BO/VNSHFm
Spotted in Iowa: This is probably a fun door to knock on.
It's a family affair for supporters in Obama for America - New Mexico.
No table, no problem—Obama for America - Nevada is ready to register wherever they go.
A team from Wilkes-Barre represents for Obama for America - Pennsylvania.
Thunderstorms can't keep a few of Obama for America - Virginia finest off the phones.
Good door-knocking in action, courtesy of Obama for America - Michigan.
Fun with phone-banking for Obama for America – Colorado.
Adam Scott and Rashida Jones don't just play super volunteers on TV—they joined Obama for America - Iowa at Drake University on Saturday.
Good neighbors: A team from Obama for America - Connecticut gets ready to canvass with Obama for America - New Hampshire.
Canvassers from Obama for America - DC get ready to get out the vote.
President Obama got a lift in Fort Pierce, Florida today (by a pizzeria owner who can bench-press 350 pounds and was really happy to see him).
Touchdown POTUS.
Keep these four around for four more years—commit to vote: http://OFA.BO/s64YUs
If you’re standing with the President, we’ve got a free sticker for you: http://OFA.BO/s9meiB
You won’t want to miss the final night of the Democratic National Convention tonight. Live now: http://OFA.BO/i8Dqic
Bill Clinton last night: “We simply cannot afford to give the reins of government to someone who will double down on trickle-down.” Stand with him and with President Obama for four more years of progress for the middle class: http://OFA.BO/sUrZjA
Let’s make sure President Obama is a two-term President—pitch in $5 now: http://OFA.BO/s9T8Jh
Share this with your friends and family if you support this plan to keep us moving forward.
Michelle's biggest fans watching her convention speech from home last night.
If you believe in an America where you can make it if you try—no matter who you are or where you come from—stand with President Obama to help make sure we keep moving forward: http://OFA.BO/NQe8xs
On a cold day with temperatures below freezing, U.S. Senator Barack Obama officially announced his campaign for the U.S. presidency in February 2007, ten years after he entered the Illinois State Senate.
Barack and Michelle have both talked about balancing family time with the campaign. Here, Barack attends a supporter house party in New Hampshire while giving a lift to daughter Sasha in 2007.
Barack and his mother, Ann, in Cambridge, MA. He attended Harvard Law School after graduating from Columbia University and working in Chicago as a community organizer.
Barack met Michelle Robinson, now Michelle Obama, while working at the same law firm. They recently shared the story of their first date: http://OFA.BO/ujAbKX
The Obama family started growing with the birth of Malia Obama on the Fourth of July in 1998, followed by younger sister Sasha in June 2001.
“My mother was the single most important influence on my life.”—Barack on his mother Stanley Ann Dunham, a single mom who raised him with the help of her own parents
The Obamas were married on October 3, 1992—which means next month marks their 20th wedding anniversary.
We just hit a major milestone: More than 3 million supporters now own a piece of this campaign. Find out more about the people who make this campaign possible: http://OFA.BO/KawTy3
Pick out your favorite bumper sticker and we’ll send it to you for free—it’s that easy: http://OFA.BO/joqrbs
“This Thursday night, I will offer you what I believe is a better path forward—a path that grows this economy, creates more good jobs, strengthens the middle class.”—President Obama in Urbandale, Iowa
Summer may be coming to an end, but this campaign is heating up—show your support for the President and get 25% off in the Obama 2012 store: http://OFA.BO/fa9p3x
Another way to get involved and meet supporters just like you—check out Dashboard, our online organizing tool: http://OFA.BO/3zjDuY
President Obama's hitting the road to Charlotte this week to accept the nomination at the Democratic National Convention on Thursday—follow along here: http://OFA.BO/iipJKX
Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan want to take us back to the 1950s on women’s health. Pitch in $5 or more now to help make sure they don’t get the chance: http://OFA.BO/8vpDT1
http://OFA.BO/HxgaZz
Here's where to say you're on Team Obama-Biden: http://OFA.BO/gV6nWA
We’ve come so far, but we’ve still got work to do. Pitch in $5 now to help make sure we can keep moving forward: http://OFA.BO/yjSw78
Add your name, then pass it on: http://OFA.BO/8UHQcn
We can’t go back. Pitch in $5 now to help make sure we don’t: http://OFA.BO/bdRwLE
Make sure your friends know they don’t want any part of this Venn diagram: http://OFA.BO/8yHa6P
Gov. Chris Christie is endorsing Mitt Romney at the Republican National Convention tonight. Share this if you think America can do better than Team Not-Quite-Last-Place.
Made in the USA and all purchases go toward re-electing the President—take a look around the Obama 2012 store and use the code “gear up” to get 20% off everything: http://OFA.BO/q7RZrg
“I'm inspired by my own children, how full they make my heart. They make me want to work to make the world a little bit better. And they make me want to be a better man.”—President Obama
Today's a good day to buy one of our Made in the USA mugs—with the President's birth certificate on the back: http://OFA.BO/HxKQbt
Mitt Romney directly enlisted himself in the birther movement this morning: "No one has ever asked to see my birth certificate. They know this is the place I was born." Get the President's back. Stand with him in this election—and against false, divisive attacks: http://OFA.BO/Txr9aB
Four years after they became running mates, this is the team that still has our back. Add your name if you’ve got theirs: http://OFA.BO/RyUZGs
Worth sharing: President Obama’s education plan is making college more affordable. Use our education calculator to see the savings ---> http://OFA.BO/fALWn6
Share this image so your friends know what’s at stake for students this fall.
Last chance to go to the Democratic National Convention as Michelle’s guest and meet the President—airfare included: http://OFA.BO/FeTKMt
The President enjoys a meal with supporters. http://OFA.BO/ZYqMY1
Like & share if you agree. http://OFA.BO/ZczEJT
Mitt Romney's asking Americans to put him in charge of their taxes, while refusing to come clean about his own. Call for him to follow decades of precedent and release his tax returns—add your name: http://OFA.BO/Rd4gms
President Obama is fighting to protect women’s health—say you’ll stand with him: http://OFA.BO/DqH8an
A hug in Davenport, Iowa yesterday.
Share this image if you agree that we need to invest in clean energy that’s made right here in America.
Download the new (and free!) Obama smartphone app to get campaign news, updates on events near you, and voting info—right on your iPhone or Android: http://OFA.BO/ZRQfoD
Stan Musial
Bill Russell
Pat Summitt
Billie Jean King
Share this image so your friends and family know the choice we face on Medicare this fall.
LAST CALL: Dinner with Michael Jordan and the President. Pitch in $5 or more before midnight and you’ll be automatically entered to win: http://OFA.BO/3RSDgi
Show a little muscle this election season—this tank top is 25% off with the code VOTEOBAMA: http://OFA.BO/zjfSXn
“I don’t think your boss should get to control the health care that you get. I don’t think insurance companies should control the care that you get. I don’t think politicians should control the care that you get. I think there's one person to make these decisions on health care, and that is you.”—President Obama on women’s health
Team U.S.A. is leading the Track & Field medal count—and there's more to be proud of at home. Share if you're proud of our athletes at home and abroad.
President Obama, Patrick Ewing, and you? Pitch in $5 and you and a guest will be automatically entered to win dinner and a shootaround with some of basketball’s greatest stars: http://OFA.BO/NzV7Fi
This morning, we learned that for the third month in a row, we've been outraised by the other side in this race. Help close the gap—pitch in $5 now, and ask a friend to do the same: http://OFA.BO/UUR46p
Share this if you're particularly proud of the U.S.A. gymnastics program this week.
Made in the USA, 51 years ago today: http://OFA.BO/uNYvDu
It's Barack's birthday today—wish him a happy one by signing his card! http://OFA.BO/HHfZev
Good news: As of July, the economy has added private-sector jobs for 29 straight months—for a total of 4.5 million jobs during that period. But we've got more work to do. Stand with President Obama to keep up this progress: http://OFA.BO/uaTtqr
"You guys amaze us the most." —President Obama, calling the U.S. women's gymnastics team from Air Force One yesterday to congratulate them on their big win
The U.S.A. swim program has a lot of reasons to be proud this week—here are a few more.
"Life doesn't count for much unless you're willing to do your small part to leave our children—all of our children—a better world." —President Obama. Pitch in $5 or more before tomorrow's fundraising deadline to help make sure we keep moving forward—not back: http://OFA.BO/RiAbEo
Canvassing partners Donald Faison and Zach Braff  braved the heat  to knock on doors for Obama for America - Nevada.
These two volunteers from Obama for America - Pennsylvania made a sweet reminder that we've only got a few months before the election.
O is for “Obama country,” according to Obama for America - Virginia volunteers.
This weekend of action meant a few new faces for Obama for America - Florida.
A couple Young Americans for Obama celebrate a job well done while canvassing for Obama for America - New Mexico.
Day 2 started early for Obama for America - Ohio with a fresh coat of paint in Morgan County.
Obama for America - New Hampshire volunteers increased their ranks one person at a time on Saturday and Sunday—that’s what It Takes One is all about: http://OFA.BO/Mooytx
Don Cheadle talks to a barber shop owner in Durham while volunteering with Obama for America - North Carolina.
Judy hadn’t canvassed in 40 years, but that didn’t stop her from being part of Obama for America - Ohio’s weekend of action. Sign up to volunteer in your own community: http://OFA.BO/p9MNKi
With just 100 days til the election, it's all hands on deck. Sign up now to help win this thing: http://OFA.BO/HXoDYq
Join Michelle and wish Barack a happy birthday. Sign his card now! http://OFA.BO/XwMdSa
Share the news if you’re glad to see youth soccer programs growing thanks to the Obama administration.
Bumper stickers—get yours here: http://OFA.BO/C2VbNT
The most important meeting of the day.
Summer.
Dynamic duo.
Fired up in Virginia.
Like and share this if you've got the President's back.
He’s fighting for American families—join him: http://OFA.BO/JcTmR5
A warm welcome from a fellow ice cream fan in Cedar Rapids today.
High five.
The guy on the left made $100 million in June. Help the guy on the right protect the progress we’ve made: http://OFA.BO/3oVsHu
Happy Fourth of July, everyone!
Hope everyone gets in a little family time this weekend.
Cue a little night music: http://OFA.BO/zfDGi1
Supporters like you have driven this campaign from the beginning, and how we move forward is up to you. Take our quick survey to weigh in: http://OFA.BO/Wb6AG3
Proud.
A must-read article on Mitt Romney's record of outsourcing jobs overseas: http://OFA.BO/sYdqBQ
Hug.
Everybody needs somebody to lean on.
President Obama signs one of Luz’s drawings during her family’s visit to the White House.
What does change mean to you? Share your answer by taking a photo, making some art, or recording a video: http://OFA.BO/bcQrFJ
A hug, circa 1992.
"The job of a president is to lay the foundation for strong and sustainable broad-based growth—not one where a small group of speculators are cashing in on short-term gains. It's to make sure that everybody in this country gets a fair shake; everybody gets a fair shot; everybody is playing by the same set of rules." —President Obama addressing Obama for America - Iowa supporters on Thursday
High five.
President Obama speaks to a full house in Des Moines, Iowa.
President Obama on the power of a volunteer: "When you decide it’s time for change to happen, you know what? Change happens." Get involved in your own community: http://OFA.BO/miGbTv
Obama for America - Iowa volunteers were fired up for the grassroots event in Des Moines—and rain or shine, they were ready to go.
The story behind a famous photograph: http://OFA.BO/hKctGa
“We can define our own lives not by what happens to us, but by how we respond. We can choose to carry on, and make a difference in the world.”—President Obama delivering the commencement address to Joplin High School’s graduating seniors, a year after a tornado devastated their Missouri town
Clear eyes, full hearts.
Obama for America - Pennsylvania volunteers had the President’s back this weekend.
Jennifer’s tallying up all the voters she registered from her first time canvassing with Obama for America - Ohio. Join volunteers in your own community: http://OFA.BO/Xex2Bs
Registering to vote was easy for this pet owner—just a quick pit stop while walking the dog.
Matt’s a pro at voter registration, so he paired up with a new Obama for America – Colorado volunteer this weekend to go knock on doors and talk to voters.
Obama for America - Virginia's Team Stafford were fired up to get folks registered, with clipboards at the ready. Get the facts on what you need to vote in your own community: http://OFA.BO/1PBGmN
Union members in Lynn, MA get ready to register voters. (via Obama for America - Massachusetts)
Ann and Barack at his high school graduation.
Barack and his mother during his high school years.
Ann Dunham said her son “can do anything he ever wants in the world, even be president of the United States.”
Ann, Barack, and Stanley, his grandfather, in the 1970s.
Horseback-riding.
Barack Obama and his mother, Ann, in 1963.
"When enough of you knock on doors, when you pick up phones, when you talk to your friends, when you decide that it’s time for change to happen, guess what? Change happens. Change comes to America."
Not back.
“If people ask you what this campaign is about, you tell them it’s still about hope. It’s still about change.”—President Obama
President Obama and the First Lady onstage together at the first rally of 2012.
First Lady Michelle Obama introducing the President: "If we want to keep on moving forward, then we need to work our hearts out for the man that I have the pleasure of introducing here today."
President Obama at the podium.
President Obama on 2008: "I didn’t run, and you didn’t work your hearts out, just to win an election. We came together to reclaim the basic bargain that built the largest middle class and the most prosperous nation on Earth."
Four more years.
President Obama in Columbus today, kicking off the first rally of this campaign
"We are one people, all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes, all of us defending the United States of America."—Barack Obama
President Obama at the Women's Leadership Forum yesterday. Share this quote if you agree that women should have control over their own health decisions. (via Truth Team)
“Remembrance without resolve is a hollow gesture. Awareness without action changes nothing. In this sense, 'never again' is a challenge to us all—to pause and to look within.”—President Obama today at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
Check out a new timeline showing three years of progress for the LGBT community—from anti-bullying campaigns to the repeal of “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell.” Then share it with your friends: http://OFA.BO/Hfe7C7
Photo of the day: President Obama sits on the bus where Rosa Parks' protest began the historic Montgomery Bus Boycott. Photo via African Americans for Obama.
Today is Bo’s third anniversary as First Dog. Join in the celebration on Pet Lovers for Obama and give him a virtual pat on the head with a note: http://OFA.BO/NVhJFT
ReGina on the dinner conversation with the Obamas: “They just instantly joined in and they immediately put us all at ease. We did talk some about policy, and also told a lot of funny stories. There really were times when I forgot that I was talking to the President and First Lady because they were so comfortable with us."
A look around the table: Bob and ReGina, John and Cathleen, Michelle and Barack, and Judy and Mitch.
The First Lady is a self-proclaimed “hugger,” as winner ReGina’s father found out for himself.
John and Cathleen get a solid round of laughs from the President and First Lady.
By all accounts, it was a good dinner. Make sure you put your name in the hat for the next chance to have dinner with the President: http://OFA.BO/VMH4dG
The Obamas introduce themselves to Mitch, whose wife, Judy, won two spots at the table.
Take a tour of the new Barack Obama Facebook timeline to see the story of this president and this organization as told from the very beginning.
The Barack Obama Facebook page is now a timeline. Take a look back through the photos and videos that tell the president's story, and the story of the progress we’ve made together.
Attendees lined up to ask the panel questions about health care during the Q&A portion of the event.
Obama 2012 volunteers and staff checked in on the number of voter registration forms that were turned in.
Valerie Jarrett, Obama for America Campaign Manager Jim Messina, Congressman G.K. Butterfield, and student Brian Kennedy talk about the economy.
Students in the audience listening to the on-stage discussion.
Actress Gabrielle Union, an Obama 2012 supporter, moderated the event.
Valerie Jarrett, Democratic strategist, addressed the audience.
Students registered to vote before the Greater Together Student Summit began.
Students in line catching up while waiting to claim seats for the night’s event.
Students lined up around the block to get into the Greater Together Student Summit.
Sometimes a hoodie takes on a story of its own: http://OFA.BO/N1GCWT
Fired up and ready to go with Obama for America - New Mexico—a team of Albuquerque fellows finish training and head straight into the community to build support for Obama 2012.
Fellows in Detroit were already making calls for Obama for America - Michigan.
Close to 100 excited organizers turned out for a training session with Obama for America - Utah.
Fellows in Detroit were already making calls for Obama for America - Michigan.
Fired up and ready to go with Obama for America - New Mexico—a team of Albuquerque fellows finish training and head straight into the community to build support for Obama 2012.
It was a full house at Obama for America - Ohio.
Class is in session in Orlando with Obama for America - Florida, and there's never a dull moment.
All fellows have a chance to share their personal stories. At an Obama for America - Michigan training, Carolyn talked about how President Obama's student loan reforms made it possible for her to go to college.
If you’ve been feeling stylish or just plain spirited in your Obama 2012 gear, we’d like to make you famous (at least by internet standards). Submit a photo of yourself with your favorite piece of the campaign for a chance to be featured on BarackObama.com: http://OFA.BO/Jjur3L
Need a chili recipe for tonight? Try this one, from the Obamas. Then share your pick to win the big game: http://OFA.BO/GbRXc2
Responsible homeowners could save $3,000 a year on their mortgages under President Obama's new home refinancing plan. Get the facts: http://OFA.BO/B3m8ni
An Obama for America – Wyoming staffer gets his local campaign office ready for a Martin Luther King Jr. Day food drive.
Obama for America – Ohio supporters from Ohio University participated in a walk for the homeless.
Supporters from Obama for America – New Mexico marched in a local parade honoring Dr. King.
Volunteers from Obama for America – South Carolina registered voters yesterday.
A volunteer from Obama for America – Alabama registers voters at Alabama State University.
"There's something about her that projects such honesty and strength. It's what makes her such an unbelievable professional, and partner, and mother, and wife."—President Obama. Happy birthday to Michelle Obama. Make sure to sign the First Lady's card today: http://OFA.BO/5m3HAk
“I know we will overcome. I know there are better days ahead. Let us keep striving, let us keep struggling, let us keep climbing to that promised land of a nation and a world that is more fair and more just.”—President Obama speaking at the dedication of the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Memorial on October 16, 2011
“I was just thinking that here we are having a meal with him—it’s a sign that we have a connection, that he’s listening to what we think is important. He did say that he really enjoys these meals and that he really looks forward to them. You could tell.”—Kathie, one of the President’s guests for Dinner with Barack
Scott, Valarie, Kathie, and Bill—four campaign supporters who won our recent Dinner with Barack contest—share a meal with President Obama.
Mitt Romney said at last night's GOP debate that he'd like to give "relief" to the middle class—but an analysis of his tax plan tells the opposite story. Share this chart with any friends or family who should have the facts.
Mitt Romney claimed this morning that he created more jobs in Massachusetts as governor "than this president's created in the entire country." This chart shows the reality of President Obama's strong record on job creation—21 straight months of it. Share it with your friends to get the truth out.
From all of us on the campaign, thanks for an amazing 2011—and here's to a great 2012.
What are you looking forward to in 2012?
Matt Romney says his dad Mitt will release his tax returns "as soon as" President Obama releases his birth certificate. Guess he hasn't seen our mugs?
“You have done what the cynics said we couldn’t do.” —President Obama on the night of his Iowa caucus victory nearly four years ago
Photo of the day: Eight-month-old Cooper grabs President Obama's face while taking a picture with his parents on Christmas Day at Marine Corps Base Hawaii.
We're excited to announce the three winners of our Art Works design contest—Jeff, Edgar, and Amanda. Check out their winning poster designs, and get a print for your own walls here: http://OFA.BO/Kv8aEr
President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama wish you a merry Christmas, with a special message of thanks to the military families being reunited this holiday.
Get to know the first-ever national standards to reduce mercury and other toxic air pollution: http://OFA.BO/gBa7k5
Families don’t always agree—especially when it comes to politics. So here are some tips for talking to yours about joining the 2012 campaign—just in time for the holidays.
Today marks the one-year anniversary of President Obama signing the bill to repeal “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.” http://OFA.BO/9eKnDh
President Obama announced a once-in-a-generation step forward for the environment and public health today—the first-ever national standards to limit mercury, arsenic, and other toxic air pollution from power plants.
President Obama spoke to reporters after Republicans in the House of Representatives voted to once again block an extension of the payroll tax cut.
Emily, a college student from Nebraska, explains how President Obama's work for health care reform affects her life every day.
With our remaining troops returning from Iraq before the end of the year, learn how the President is working to support our veterans once they’re home.
The new Obama family portrait!
This week, news broke that the Affordable Care Act has already helped even more Americans than expected. Our new infographic takes a by-the-numbers look at how the ACA is helping millions of young people and seniors: http://OFA.BO/QuS7PW
Quote of the day: “No words, no ceremony can provide full tribute to the sacrifices that have brought this day to pass.” - Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, on the end of the war in Iraq
With our remaining troops in Iraq heading home in time for the holidays, President Obama thanked troops at Fort Bragg today for their service. While the war may be ending, the President’s commitment to servicemembers and their families is as strong as ever. Here’s a closer look at steps the President and his administration have taken to support our troops at home and abroad. View the full image here: http://OFA.BO/1k4zBH
Quote of the day: "And in the quiet of night, you will recall that your heart was once touched by fire. You will know that you answered when your country called; you served a cause greater than yourselves; you helped forge a just and lasting peace with Iraq, and among all nations. I could not be prouder of you, and America could not be prouder of you." - President Obama at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina, honoring combat veterans coming home from Iraq
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 2.5 million young Americans have gained health insurance—more than double the original estimate of 1 million young people helped: http://OFA.BO/bPMFt8
Quote of the day: "A new day is upon us. And let us never forget those who gave us this chance—the untold number of Iraqis who've given their lives; more than one million Americans, military and civilian, who have served in Iraq; nearly 4,500 fallen Americans who gave their last full measure of devotion; tens of thousands of wounded warriors, and so many inspiring military families." - President Obama on the end of the Iraq war
Wondering how the middle class has fared over the last 50 years—and what President Obama plans to do about it?
After making a press statement today, President Obama was asked what his reaction is to Republican presidential candidates who accuse him of "appeasement" in his approach to foreign policy. Here was his response.
What would President Obama’s middle-class tax cut of $1,500 mean for you? Let us know in the comments.
Quote of the day: "A strong middle class can only exist in an economy where everyone plays by the same rules, from Wall Street to Main Street." –President Obama speaking today in Osawatomie, Kansas
Quote of the day: "A year ago at this time, both parties came together to cut payroll taxes for the typical American family by about $1,000. But as soon as this year ends, so does that tax cut. If Congress fails to renew this tax cut before then, that same family will see a tax hike of about $1,000 a year." -President Obama, urging Congress today to extend the payroll tax cut
Jeff, from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/BprvTs
Edgar, from El Paso, Texas. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/ZqeAe5
Estelle, from Fairhope, Alabama. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/jgy1UN
Ariana, from Salt Lake City, Utah. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/vyDXdM
Julie, from Seattle, Washington. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/aLSg4R
Steve, from Boulder, Colorado. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/kdtUWc
Craig, from Reston, Virginia. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/1Ar8GS
Terry, from Baldwin Park, California. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/yuhjgJ
Tom, from Stone Ridge, New York. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/ZQNYCX
Katie, from Coraopolis, Pennsylvania. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/B9fX6Q
Lauren, from Worthington, Ohio. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/wB21z4
Amanda, from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Vote for this poster here: http://ofa.bo/6afYba
Quote of the day: “[W]e can end this pandemic. We can beat this disease. We can win this fight. We just have to keep at it, steady, persistent—today, tomorrow, every day until we get to zero.” – President Obama speaking on World AIDS Day. Who are you supporting today? http://OFA.BO/stCyzC
Quote of the day: "They may have voted no on these tax cuts once. But I’m already filled with the Christmas spirit … I want to give them a chance to redeem themselves. We’re going to give them another chance. So as early as Friday … we’re going to give them a chance to take a simple vote on these tax cuts." - President Obama on Congress' upcoming vote on extending the payroll tax cut
President Obama just announced who he's bringing as his guest for Dinner with Barack: Michelle Obama. Throw your name in the hat today to join them.
Since we launched this campaign back in April, grassroots fundraisers have inspired thousands of people to join it. This week, reach out to your friends, family, and networks to help build this organization.
Enter today for your chance to bring a guest to dinner with President Obama.
Quote of the day: “Barney’s passion and his quick wit will be missed in the halls of Congress, and Michelle and I join the people of the Bay State in thanking him for his years of service.” – President Obama on Rep. Barney Frank’s retirement
President Obama brought Sasha and Malia to a D.C. bookstore on Saturday to support local businesses and get a head start on their Christmas shopping.
Show your Obama 2012 pride while holiday shopping at the mall or just driving around town: http://OFA.BO/SFgLAs
Having guests over for a holiday party? Protect your tabletops and show your Obama pride with our coaster set: http://OFA.BO/zRGSmy
Show your support wherever you go with a rising sun messenger bag: http://OFA.BO/KPUebi
Show your support for President Obama and Vice President Biden in this classic t-shirt: http://OFA.BO/xXEqx4
Our crew sweatshirt looks good with jeans or leggings: http://OFA.BO/MriGJb
Our red, white, and blue supporter pack has buttons, bumper stickers, and a car magnet. Pick them up as stocking stuffers for the big Obama fan in your life: http://OFA.BO/Z3iuQT
Raise a glass to the new year with our Obama 2012 glasses.
“Through events such as Small Business Saturday, we keep our local economies strong and help maintain an American economy that can compete and win in the 21st century.”—President Obama in a statement supporting Small Business Saturday. Join the President in supporting small businesses by shopping at your favorite local stores today.
Get golf balls with our rising sun logo for the golfer in your life.
Keep your keys handy with our Obama 2012 keychain—a good stocking stuffer: http://ofa.bo/pUuuWR
Bundle up young Obama fans in 100% cotton with our Kids for Obama t-shirts: http://OFA.BO/TyskzW
Complete your mug collection with our Made in the USA mug: http://ofa.bo/QasGoZ
Our limited edition 2012 ornament will stand out on your Christmas tree: http://OFA.BO/E6jt1D
Ring in the New Year with our 2012 wine glasses: http://ofa.bo/z5TxoE
Don’t forget about your best four-legged friend this season with our "Barack’s best friend" leash: http://OFA.BO/eCf3ng
Every coffee break is a chance to show your support with our 2012 coffee tumbler: http://OFA.BO/wN6tvz
This Thanksgiving, we're celebrating the progress we’ve made over the past three years. What are you most thankful for? http://OFA.BO/uGWK85
Support the campaign today, and you could have the chance to tell President Obama what you're thankful for—in person.
Quote of the day: “There is a profound sense of frustration about the fact that the essence of the American dream—which is if you work hard, if you stick to it, that you can make it—feels like that’s slipping away. And it’s not the way things are supposed to be. Not here. Not in America.”—President Obama speaking in Manchester, New Hampshire yesterday
Quote of the day: "When push comes to shove, are you willing to fight as hard for working families as you are for the wealthiest Americans?" - President Obama challenges Congress to extend and expand payroll tax cuts while speaking in Manchester, NH about the American Jobs Act
Obama for America - Ohio volunteers delivered 166,481 additional signatures today to the Secretary of State's office to protect early voting.
Mike, who served in Vietnam, explains what the legislation President Obama signed into law today will mean for his fellow veterans and their families.
Quote of the day: “My message to every member of Congress is 'keep going.' Keep working. Keep finding more ways to put partisanship aside and put more Americans back to work.” – President Obama at a signing ceremony for the VOW to Hire Heroes Act of 2011, a jobs bill to put America’s unemployed veterans back to work
Today is Vice President Joe Biden's birthday—and we’re wishing him a happy one: http://OFA.BO/JfjQyN
In honor of conspiracy theorists everywhere, we're re-releasing the campaign's limited-edition "Made in the USA" mugs.
This Sunday is Vice President Joe Biden's birthday. Join us in wishing him a happy one: http://OFA.BO/Ft6XCH
Everyone loves a comfortable hoodie—here’s our new Obama 2012 zip-up.
Quote of the day: “This is a good first step, but it is only a step. Congress needs to pass the rest of my American Jobs Act so that we can create jobs and put money in the pockets of the middle class.” – President Obama in a statement about the House's vote to pass tax credits that will help America’s veterans get back to work. Learn more: http://OFA.BO/zvetQ1
Our new infographic takes a look at the impact the GOP's proposed Balanced Budget Amendment could have on you. Scheduled for a vote this week and endorsed by Mitt Romney and his fellow Republican candidates, the amendment could force cuts in everything from education to Medicare.
Quote of the day: “As it has been for six decades, our alliance is going to be indispensable to our shared future, the security we need and the prosperity that we seek not only in this region but around the world.” – President Obama talking about the long-standing alliance between the U.S. and Australia at a press conference with Prime Minister Julia Gillard
A few days ago, one of our Obama for America – Colorado volunteers called up an ’08 supporter in Denver, and they had the millionth one-on-one conversation of this campaign. Campaign Manager Jim Messina explains what that means—and why our opponents won’t have this kind of grassroots enthusiasm.
Across the country, Women for Obama are stepping up to organize in our communities. Join Women for Obama today: http://OFA.BO/26UjGU
Quote of the day: “So make no mistake about it, you all represent the very best this country has to offer. And that is my goal, to make sure that everyone in this country understands that. And today, I want to end the same way that I started—by simply saying thank you.” – First Lady Michelle Obama speaking at a job fair at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam. Support jobs for veterans: http://OFA.BO/2xfBhf
This week, we're officially rolling out Women for Obama. Why are you in for 2012?
Quote of the day: “We’ve taken incredible steps to reduce health care costs and improve care, but we can’t wait to do more.” – Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announcing the Health Care Innovation Challenge today: http://OFA.BO/Haos5d
Let our new t-shirt do the talking—spread the message that we can’t wait to start organizing while going door to door in your neighborhood.
"As a prospective teacher, I am of course concerned when I look at headlines and see that school districts across the country are reducing the number of teachers. The jobs plan will ensure not only that students have a more effective teacher-to-student ratio, but that there will be jobs available for me and others in my situation." – Sarah, who is studying education, on why she supports the President’s jobs plan
Since taking office, President Obama has proven his commitment to strengthening our military and supporting our veterans. Here’s a by-the-numbers look at how the President has taken action to support our vets.
Quote of the day: “To all our nation’s veterans: Whether you fought in Salerno or Samarra, Khe Sanh or the Korengal, you are part of an unbroken chain of men and women who have served this country with honor and distinction. On behalf of a proud and grateful nation, we thank you.” – President Obama honoring our nation’s veterans at Arlington National Cemetery. Say thank you to our vets by leaving a note here: http://OFA.BO/SNEFou
Yesterday’s Senate vote is good news for families like Kara’s. “My husband has been in active duty since August, and I’m praying he gets to keep his job when he comes back in July,” she says.
Four years ago today…
Quote of the day: “No veteran who fought for our nation should have to fight for a job when they come home, and I urge the House to pass these tax credits as well so I can sign them into law.” —President Obama in a statement today about the Senate’s vote to pass provisions of the American Jobs Act that will encourage businesses to hire veterans. Read the full statement here: http://OFA.BO/Xi2AQL
It’s time to serve those who have served us.
The GOP debate is starting in 45 minutes—now’s the time to choose which words you think the candidates will say most, and put your money where their mouth is: http://OFA.BO/1uxj4w
“My absolute favorite part of the job is our volunteers. I was in Nevada this weekend for the weekend of action, and to see our volunteers have such enthusiasm and such commitment one year out—if that doesn’t get you fired up to go to work every day, I don’t know what will.” – Marlon, Obama 2012 Deputy National Field Director
Tomorrow, the Senate votes on tax cuts for businesses that hire veterans. Tell your Republican legislators that veterans can’t wait for jobs—call the Congressional switchboard at (202) 224-3121, then let us know how it went.
Quote of the day: “By standing with teachers and firefighters and cops, Ohio has sent a loud and clear message that will be heard all across the country: The middle class will no longer be trampled on. The people of Ohio are to be congratulated." –Vice President Biden last night on the defeat of Issue 2 in Ohio
Congratulations to volunteers and organizers across the country on your great work today—a special shout-out to Obama for America - Ohio for defeating Issue 2 and protecting collective bargaining rights for Ohio workers.
Quote of the day: “And this is not, and should not be, a Democratic priority or a Republican priority. This is an American priority.” — President Obama speaking in Philadelphia today about new rules strengthening the Head Start early education program
Keep your furniture happy and let your guests know who you’re behind next November with an Obama 2012 coaster set. http://ofa.bo/iXLn1M
Make a statement by throwing an Obama 2012 mini–button on your shirt or backpack. http://OFA.BO/DieL2o
You want to stay warm this winter, but your cans never should. Cheers! Made in the USA. http://OFA.BO/iTuydm
Follow the First Lady’s example and get moving in this new American-made 2012 warm-up jacket. http://ofa.bo/qikDm4
Wear your Obama flair loud and proud. Our Obama/Biden button combo is made in the USA. http://ofa.bo/xgETET
Bundle up for your next campaign event in a cozy grey 2012 hoodie, made in the USA. http://OFA.BO/TpigBi
Volunteer Eileen B. calling voters across NM: "People are supportive, they want the Jobs Act Now!"
What Obama 2012 gear are you wearing to mark one year out?
Volunteers wind down after a hard day’s work of organizing in East Shelby, TN
A Wash U student registers voters
Canvassers Stephanie and Samantha gearing up in Las Cruces, New Mexico
Albuquerque volunteer Anthony T. calling volunteers: "People are excited, they are signing up to volunteer left and right!"
Register to vote
Geaux Obama means Go Obama
President Obama announced new executive actions today aimed at helping America’s veterans find jobs. Let the President know you stand with him in serving those who serve our country: http://OFA.BO/HPSHLL
President Obama announced new initiatives today that will help veterans get back to work, including 200,000 unemployed veterans who served after 9/11. Veterans will be eligible for a Veteran Gold Card, good for six months of personalized job counseling at career centers. They’ll also have access to “My Next Move,” a website to connect veterans looking for work with employers looking to hire veterans. Learn more: http://OFA.BO/U13ELN
We're exactly one year away from Election Day, and it's time to kick up our organizing efforts on the ground. So we're launching a new interactive calendar to keep you in the loop from now until November 6th, 2012.
What if President Obama isn’t re-elected on November 6th, 2012?
Exactly a year out from Election Day 2012, our nationwide day of action is gearing up right now. Join volunteers across the country—find an event near you: http://OFA.BO/VC1fCZ
Three years ago, Barack Obama was elected President of the United States. Watch a video we put together with highlights from election night 2008 and the last three years—then commit to be a volunteer for 2012.
President Obama isn’t waiting for Congress to act—that’s why he’s taking steps right now to help homeowners, students, and veterans.
Analogy challenge: This week, Senator Mitch McConnell said that President Obama’s jobs bill “has one purpose: to divide us.” Help us complete this sentence: Calling a jobs bill "divisive" is like ...
Debi, a struggling homeowner from suburban Atlanta, is frustrated by Republicans' obstruction of President Obama’s jobs plan and supports his steps to take action where they won’t.
Are you a student working to improve the lives of folks on your campus or in your community? The White House wants to recognize your efforts.
Quote of the day: "John, you've been debating a commemorative coin for baseball? You had legislation reaffirming that 'In God We Trust' is our motto? That's not putting people back to work." —President Obama, calling out Speaker of the House John Boehner for the substance of recent House debates
“President Obama's aid to students includes making loans easier to pay off, which means I can take more on my own and put less on my parents to pay. That way, they'll have more left to pay for my brothers' education, and possibly even afford to own a home someday sooner.” – Bri, a student at Carnegie Mellon, on how President Obama’s student loan reforms will help her
Earlier today, Senate Republicans voted to block another component of the President’s job plan. The Rebuild America Jobs Act would have put construction workers back on the job rebuilding our country’s roads, rails, and airports. Let Congress know we can’t wait for action on jobs: http://OFA.BO/Un3Mu9
Phil has been part of this movement as a volunteer, a community organizer, and a regional field director in Philadelphia.
Quote of the day: “So all told, our aging transportation infrastructure costs American businesses and families about $130 billion a year. That’s a tax on our businesses; that’s a tax on our consumers. It is coming out of your pocket. It’s a drag on our overall economy.” – President Obama speaking today about his proposed initiatives to help rebuild America's roads and bridges
Quote of the day: “I've been in Washington 35 years ... and I've never seen a time when people have put their own personal political feelings over how we can get the economy moving.” – Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood commenting on Republican obstruction of investments in infrastructure projects that would put thousands of Americans to work
Kerri-Leigh is a Navy spouse who thinks President Obama’s jobs plan couldn’t have come at a better time: http://OFA.BO/QPaJMG
Quote of the day: “The single most effective thing we can do to get the global economy growing faster is to get the U.S. economy growing faster. That’s why my highest priority is putting Americans back to work.” – President Obama in an op-ed in today’s Financial Times about leading the response to the global economic crisis
Neither rain nor sleet nor snow will stop the team at Obama for America – Colorado from registering voters. Volunteer to bring people into the political process in your own community: http://OFA.BO/A2gucS
Jenn Whitcomb, Regional Field Director at Obama for America - Florida, talks about life as an organizer.
Today, President Obama announced two major steps to reform student loans—and there’s a good chance they will help you or someone you know.
Quote of the day: “Keep in mind, college isn’t just one of the best investments you can make in your future. It’s one of the best investments America can make in our future.” – President Obama speaking in Denver today about the steps he is taking to further reform our student loan system
Earlier today, President Obama announced that the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.
"Today, I can report that as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of the year. After nearly nine years, America's war in Iraq will be over."—President Obama in a statement this afternoon
Quote of the day: “We want the country to know your stories. We want the country to know of your sacrifice. Because if they know, then we all can’t help but to step up. And that’s what we want this country to do.” – First Lady Michelle Obama in St. Louis, recognizing military families and the work of the Welcome Back, Veterans program
It's a big moment: 1,000,000 people have chosen to own a piece of this movement. Thank you.
President Obama has a message for you as we approach the remarkable milestone of 1 million donors to this campaign.
"It is precisely because Dr. King was a man of flesh and blood and not a figure of stone that he inspires us so. His life, his story, tells us that change can come if you don’t give up. He would not give up, no matter how long it took, because in the smallest hamlets and the darkest slums, he had witnessed the highest reaches of the human spirit."—President Obama, speaking this morning at the dedication of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial
Lilla first joined the campaign in 2007. “Since then, I've just kept organizing, became a regional field organizer, and then a regional field director about a year and a half ago," she says.
Quote of the day: "The world has lost a visionary. And there may be no greater tribute to Steve's success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented." —President Obama tonight on the passing of Steve Jobs
Quote of the day: “You want to be commander in chief? You can start by standing up for the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States, even when it’s not politically convenient.” —President Obama speaking at the Human Rights Campaign National Dinner on Saturday
Quote of the day: "Here's what I understand: That as long as all of us are together, as long as we are all committed, then there's nothing we can't do."—Barack Obama
Quote of the day: "With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs. I'm going to press on for equality. I'm going to press on for the sake of our children. I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now." —President Obama at the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Annual Dinner Saturday night
Pin on an official 2012 campaign button. http://OFA.BO/2L8gQ4
Sport this particularly patriotic button and you’ll be showing your support for the President wherever you go. http://OFA.BO/otfUki
Throwing a house party? Want plenty of bumper stickers to hand out to supporters in your community? This supporter pack is perfect for you! It includes five bumper stickers, five pins, and one placard. http://OFA.BO/bp2Ao5
For your next tailgate or BBQ, make sure you're fired up and ready to grill. http://OFA.BO/afoiki
Take your support to the ballpark and everywhere else with one of our new 2012 hats. Made in America.  http://OFA.BO/JhqPES
Make every walk around the block an opportunity to show you (and your dog) are in for 2012. http://OFA.BO/zebV9a
Show your support while you're on the move with a 2012 car magnet. http://OFA.BO/5RhMDN
Make a statement (fashion and otherwise) with our 2012 logo pin. Made in America. http://OFA.BO/DZTEG7
Quote of the day: “Peace is hard, but we know that it is possible. So, together, let us be resolved to see that it is defined by our hopes and not by our fears. Together, let us make peace, but a peace, most importantly, that will last.” – President Obama speaking at the United Nations
Together, we’ve fought hard for equal rights for LGBT Americans, and the repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is only one example of the progress we've achieved. See what else we’ve accomplished over the past three years.
Quote of the day: “Today, every American can be proud that we have taken another great step toward keeping our military the finest in the world and toward fulfilling our nation’s founding ideals.” —President Obama in a statement today marking the end of "Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell"
Today, "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is officially over. Millions of Americans fought hard to end this law over the course of nearly two decades, and President Obama is proud to have signed the repeal. Watch a video about some of the people affected by this law—then share it with friends and family.
Quote of the day: "It isn't class warfare, it's math." —President Obama, announcing a proposed Buffett Rule today to ask millionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share of taxes.
Quote of the day: “But we live in a democracy, and at the end of the day, I can’t do this all by myself under our democratic system. If we’re going to do big things—whether it’s passing this jobs bill, or the DREAM Act, or comprehensive immigration reform—we’re going to have to get Congress to act.” —President Obama at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Gala last night
Save Ohio Early Vote—September 2011
Quote of the day: "Give me a win? This isn't about giving me a win. This isn't about giving Democrats or Republicans a win. This is about giving the American people a win."– President Obama today in Columbus, Ohio, speaking about the American Jobs Act
Quote of the day: “Make it personal. I think one big reason people pitched in through my page was because they saw how passionate I was and they wanted to help me.” – Danielle, a grassroots organizer, shares her top grassroots fundraising tips: http://OFA.BO/dpqFu4
Quote of the day: “The right to organize and collectively bargain is a fundamental American value. Since its beginnings in our country, organized labor has raised our living standards and built our middle class. It is the reason we have a minimum wage, weekends away from work to rest and spend time with family, and basic protections in our workplaces.” – President Barack Obama, in celebration of Labor Day
Organizing is at the heart of this movement—that’s why President Obama made the time recently to sit down for lunch with six summer organizers to thank them for their work and share his own advice on building a grassroots movement. Watch the video, then sign up to volunteer in your community.
Quote of the day: “Now is the time for Congress to extend the transportation bill, to keep our workers on the job ... There is work to be done. There are workers ready to do it. And that's why I expect Congress to act immediately.”—President Obama, calling on Congress to act before the current transportation bill expires at the end of September
Austin won’t be 18 in time for the 2012 election—but that only inspires him to work harder for the campaign.
Quote of the day: "As today’s wars end, as our troops come home, we’re reminded once more of our responsibilities to all who have served. The bond between our forces and our citizens must be a sacred trust. And for me and my administration, upholding that trust is not just a matter of policy, it is not about politics; it is a moral obligation." – President Obama in his address to the American Legion today
Quote of the day: “As we celebrate the legacy of those who made enormous strides in the last century and before, we renew our commitment to hold true to the dreams for which they fought, and we look forward to a bright future for our nation's daughters.” – President Obama, in a proclamation for Women’s Equality Day. Join us at Women for Obama for a discussion of what women's equality means in the 21st century.
With less than a month remaining until “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” ends once and for all, we asked what this moment means to you. With more than 10,000 comments, we pulled out some of our favorite responses. http://OFA.BO/5TQtYo
Quote of the day: "Five months after the disaster, while there is still clearly a long way to go, you have made remarkable progress: schools are beginning to re-open, businesses are coming back, homes are being rebuilt."—Vice President Biden during his visit to Sendai, Japan, one of the areas hit hardest by the tsunami in March.
In July, Council Bluffs was hit with severe flooding. Obama for America - Iowa summer organizer Laura held a Day of Action to fill sandbags and make sandwiches for volunteers.
As Hurricane Irene heads towards the East Coast, the White House has put together a list of resources to help you stay prepared and informed.
Quote of the day: "The United States is hard-wired for innovation. Openness, free exchange of ideas, free enterprise, and liberty are among the reasons why the United States, in my view, is at this moment the wealthiest nation in the history of the world.” –Vice President Biden in China, speaking about America’s ability to compete in international markets.
Less than 30 days from now, on September 20th, “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” will end once and for all and gay men and women will be able to serve openly in our armed forces. What does this moment mean to you?
White House Rural Economic Forum—Pesota, Iowa 08.16.11
Iowa 08.16.11
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11
White House Rural Economic Forum—Pesota, Iowa 08.16.11
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11
Iowa 08.16.11
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11
White House Rural Economic Forum—Pesota, Iowa 08.16.11
White House Town Hall—Atkinson, Illinois 08.17.11
Quote of the day: “By dint of vision, and determination, and most of all faith in the redeeming power of love, he endured the humiliation of arrest, the loneliness of a prison cell, the constant threats to his life, until he finally inspired a nation to transform itself, and begin to live up to the meaning of its creed.”—Then-Senator Obama at the groundbreaking of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial in 2006. The memorial will be formally dedicated this Sunday.
President Obama's nominations for federal judges show an unprecedented commitment to diversity. But the delays facing nominees in the Senate confirmation process are equally unprecedented.
Quote of the day: “It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the male citizens, but we, the whole people, who formed the Union … Men, their rights and nothing more; women, their rights and nothing less.” – Susan B. Anthony. Today marks the 91st anniversary of the ratification of the 19th amendment, which granted women the right to vote.
From organizing in Iraq to campaigning in America, Terron S. tells us how he came to be part of Veterans for Obama.
Quote of the day: “Don’t bet against America. Don’t bet against our workers. Don’t bet against our businesses. We have gone through tougher times than this before, and we’ve always come out on top.” – President Obama in Illinois today on the final leg of his White House rural jobs tour
Quote of the day: “Today, I’m announcing that we’re ramping up our efforts to get capital to small businesses in rural areas. We’re doubling the commitment we’ve already made through key small business lending programs. We’re going to make it easier for people in rural areas looking for work to find out about companies that are hiring.” —President Obama today at the White House Rural Economic Forum in Iowa
Quote of the day: “Our biggest challenge is getting the economy growing as rapidly as it needs to grow. It’s been growing. We’ve been able to reverse the recession. We’ve added over two million jobs in the private sector over the last 17 months. But we’re not growing it as fast as we need to to drive down the unemployment rate in a significant way and to give people confidence.” – President Obama in Minnesota today
53,025 words—and none of them were “middle class.” Share with your friends: http://OFA.BO/hDhZBM
Mentions of corporations, reality shows, and being "anti-chicken"? Lots. Mentions of the middle class? Zero. Check out our infographic breaking down what the Republican presidential candidates have said in the GOP debates so far—and make sure to share it with anyone who cares about strengthening the middle class.
We counted 5 backtracks and 2 times the candidates doubled down on past statements. How about you? http://OFA.BO/GOPDebateWatch
Watching the GOP debate tonight? We’ll be keeping tabs on when the candidates backtrack, when they double down, and what they fail to account for at all. Use our scoreboard to follow the action during the debate and share your favorite reinforcements and reversals with your friends on Facebook or Twitter.
Quote of the day: “To the millions of Muslim Americans across the United States and... the more than one billion Muslims around the world, Ramadan is a time of reflection and a time of devotion. It’s an occasion to join with family and friends in celebration of a faith known for its diversity and a commitment to justice and the dignity of all human beings. So to you and your families, Ramadan Kareem.” – President Obama
This week sees the one- and two-year anniversaries of Justice Elena Kagan and Justice Sonia Sotomayor joining the Supreme Court. We're taking the opportunity to honor them and other strong women leaders in public service.
Quote of the day: “What the rule of law does is nothing less than to secure for each of us what our Constitution calls ‘the blessings of liberty,’ those rights and freedoms, that promise of equality that have defined this nation since its founding.” – Justice Elena Kagan in the opening statement of her Supreme Court confirmation hearing. Justice Kagan was sworn in a year ago this week. http://OFA.BO/yDL7BF
Interested in learning how historic new guidelines in the Affordable Care Act will help women receive preventative care? Check out our infographic.
Quote of the day: "Folks aren’t paying attention to the ins and outs, day-to-day of every single debate that goes on here in Washington. But they have pretty good instincts and they’ve got good values. And they know we can do better, and they’re willing to chip in. But they want to make sure that everybody else is chipping in as well." – Barack Obama
Quote of the day: "For all of the challenges we face, we continue to have the best universities, some of the most productive workers, the most innovative companies, the most adventurous entrepreneurs on Earth. What sets us apart is that we’ve always not just had the capacity, but also the will to act—the determination to shape our future; the willingness in our democracy to work out our differences in a sensible way and to move forward.” —President Obama
Elizabeth, a volunteer from Georgetown, South Carolina, is one of four people who won our 50 for 50 challenge. She brought 50 people into the campaign during our national Day of Action on July 16th, when she and her neighborhood team registered voters in an area of town where few people are signed up to vote.
Quote of the day: “My concern right now—my singular focus—is the American people. Getting the unemployed back on the job, lifting their wages. Rebuilding that sense of security the middle class has felt slipping away for years. And helping them recover fully, as families and as communities, from the worst recession that any of us have ever seen.” —President Obama
“It was this summer that I learned not what campaigns can do, but what ordinary people can do.” —Sarah, a summer organizer, on her experience organizing in central Iowa this summer.
Matt Flavin, a veteran of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, writes about the need for employment support and assistance for our nation’s veterans as they transition from military to civilian employment—and how the President’s announcement today will help.
Quote of the day: "You know, I feel real good about 5-0. Obviously, I've gotten a little grayer since I took this job, but otherwise I feel pretty good. And Michelle, you know, says that she still thinks I'm cute—and I guess that's all that matters, isn't it?”—President Obama on turning 50 today.
“I don't know what this amazing group of summer organizers will go on to do. But I do know that wherever they go and whatever they do in the future, this experience will be a part of them—they're a part of the family.” – Sara El-Amine, National Training Director, on the last week of the 2011 Summer Organizer Program.
Quote of the day: "There’s already a quiet crisis going on in the lives of a lot of families, in a lot of communities, all across the country. They’re looking for work, and they have been for a while; or they’re making do with fewer hours or fewer customers; or they’re just trying to make ends meet… We’ve got to do everything in our power to grow this economy and put America back to work.” – President Obama
Tomorrow, supporters across the country will be getting together at house meetings to plan local events, strategize about how to grow the campaign in our communities, and talk about how to spread the word about the President’s accomplishments. Laura and Forest, hosts of a house meeting in Virginia, talk about their plans for tomorrow.
Quote of the day: “[So] many of you wrote, called, emailed and tweeted members of Congress to urge a responsible resolution to this crisis. And I want to thank you for that. The pressure you put on Washington is one of the reasons we finally reached a resolution, and the only way we could.” – President Obama on the debt agreement.
Looking for more information about the debt agreement? Our infographic shows what it'll do, in one handy chart.
Get the facts about the debt agreement straight from President Obama. Watch, then pass it on.
How will the administration's new fuel efficiency standards help your wallet and our environment? Take a look: http://OFA.BO/p1XH7x
The 50 for 50 challenge to bring 50 new supporters into this campaign ends at midnight tonight. If you accepted the challenge but you're not quite at 50, we've got some tips to help you reach your goal.
Earlier this week, a group of Marines in the Wounded Warriors program visited the White House to play a game of basketball. President Obama stopped by the court to thank them for their service and the sacrifices they've made for their country.
Victoria, a summer organizer in DC, explains why you or someone you know should apply for our Fall Fellowship Program: “You will learn so much about yourself and your capacity to be committed to a cause. You will meet amazing people... If you don't apply, I can guarantee that you will regret not taking the chance. The Obama campaign is only as great as its organizers."
Quote of the day: "The American people may have voted for divided government, but they didn't vote for a dysfunctional government. So I'm asking you all to make your voice heard. If you want a balanced approach to reducing the deficit, let your member of Congress know. If you believe we can solvethis problem through compromise, send that message." – President Obama
President Obama addressed the National Council of La Raza, the nation's largest Hispanic civil rights organization, this morning. He reiterated his vision for comprehensive immigration reform that will that allow us to remain true to our values as a nation of immigrants and meet our economic and security needs.
You’ve heard about our summer organizers—amazing volunteer organizers who have stepped up to be the next generation of leaders in this movement. Now we’re recruiting fall fellows to pick up their work and carry it forward in the months to come. Will you apply, or pass this opportunity along to a friend who might be interested?
Emily F., a volunteer in Iowa, on why she's in: "This is really the people's campaign. Everyone has a fair shake and opportunity to shape this campaign. I cannot imagine not being a part of this."
Now, the fight for equal rights moves on. Here's the next front: repealing the so-called Defense of Marriage Act. http://OFA.BO/TvpzmS
Yesterday the President certified the repeal of “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell." Gays and lesbians will serve their country openly in 60 days.
Today is the one-year anniversary of Wall Street reform. We made a video to give a quick overview of the law, and how it’s already working for you—watch it now, then pass it along.
At 5:57 a.m. E.T. this morning, the space shuttle Atlantis touched down, marking the end of the era of American space flight. During their flight, the President spoke with Commander Ferguson and the crew of the mission.
Thanks to everyone who helped make our national Day of Action this past weekend such a big success. Volunteers attended more than 1,100 events across the country, bringing tens of thousands of new supporters into this campaign. That’s a great start—but now we need your help with our next big organizing push on August 3rd.
“When I was knocking on people's doors during the 2008 campaign, it felt like such a gift to be able meet my neighbors, those who live close to me, and those who live further away and lead very different lives. Seeing a snapshot into their lives, and sharing a part of mine, made me feel connected to a larger fabric of America.” Lisa, a business owner, talks about this movement's impact on her life.
Alex, a summer organizer in Nevada, spent a day last week talking to folks outside the DMV in his community. Hear why he calls the DMV the Department of Meeting Voters.
The Obama family watching the World Cup women's soccer game. Go Team USA!
As we get fired up for the Women's World Cup, we spoke to Katie and Jessica—two soccer fans and Obama 2012 supporters who will be cheering on the team today.
Back in March, President Obama spoke to a group of students in Massachusetts of all political persuasions about the role of compromise in a democracy. "The nature of our democracy and the nature of our politics is to marry principle to a political process that means you don't get 100% of what you want," the President said.
Tomorrow, the U.S. women's national soccer team will play in the FIFA World Cup championship match for the first time since 1999. Wish Team USA good luck by leaving a comment on this photo!
"By all pulling together however we can, we're supporting progress and helping President Obama continue his service to our country." Dave, a long-time Obama supporter, tells us why he's one of the more than 552,000 people who have already invested in the 2012 campaign.
Hundreds of thousands of supporters helped raise more than $86 million in this campaign's first three months. That's an important number—but the number we care about most is the number of people like you who have stepped up to be a part of this campaign from the very beginning. Thank you. http://OFA.BO/2Ei7Cw
Obama 2012 supporters made 680,000 contributions to this campaign in its first three months. And here's something we're pretty incredibly proud of: 98% of all the contributions people sent in were $250 or less. http://OFA.BO/caeoeC
Over the last three months, organizers and volunteers have reached out to reconnect with more than 290,000 supporters in all 50 states. Nearly 31,000 of these were one-on-one, face-to-face conversations. http://OFA.BO/xbh1ZA
We're filing this campaign's first financial report with the Federal Election Commission on Friday. But because you own this campaign, you deserve to hear the news first. Jim Messina has recorded a video briefing to share what we've raised, how we're spending it, and what's next.
“For me it’s really simple: it’s a cause I believe in. And I like the T-shirts.” Erin, a mom of two in Oregon, tells us why she decided to become one of the hundreds of thousands of people to invest in this campaign from the very beginning.
Have you accepted our challenge yet to bring 50 new people into this campaign for President Obama's 50th? Doing real organizing to get folks involved is the single best way to support this campaign.
"We’re going to resolve this, and we’re going to resolve this for a reasonable period of time, and we’re going to resolve it in a serious way," the President said in a news conference on debt negotiations yesterday.
We've been asking a lot of you—and in the first major test of this campaign, you delivered. Over 495,000 folks donated to own a piece of this campaign in its first quarter. Thank you. As a reminder of why we're working so hard to get the President re-elected, take a look at a short video from earlier this week.
Today marks the 40th anniversary of the 26th Amendment – which lowered the voting age from 21 to 18, empowering young people to get more involved in the political process.
It's a big moment: 475,000 donors now own a piece of this campaign. Thank you, everyone. http://OFA.BO/gPr8ve
The audience at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.
Broadway star Audra McDonald entertains the audience at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.
Speaker of the New York City Council Christine Quinn talks about her experiences at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event.
Neil Patrick Harris hosts an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.
Councilman Joel Burns, from Fort Worth, Texas, tells his "It Gets Better" story to the audience at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.
Former Representative Patrick Joseph Murphy addresses the audience at an LGBT Obama 2012 campaign event in New York City.
The First Lady is in Africa this week. “I think the most moving part of my trip so far was seeing 92-year-old Nelson Mandela, and just thinking about his life," she says. "This man has lived through a struggle that few nations have known.”
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011
Pride—OFA Colordao, June 2011
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011
Pride—OFA Colordao, June 2011
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011
Pride—OFA Indiana, June 2011
Pride—OFA Michigan, June 2011
Pride—OFA Washington D.C., June 2011
Colorado volunteers registered over 30 new voters in Larimer County this past Saturday afternoon. “It was great to see what a difference we could make in just one afternoon,” one summer organizer said.
Summer organizer Janisse heads out to canvass voters.
Summer organizer Janisse discusses her canvass route with a colleague.
Summer organizers Janisse and Catalina check in on the latest field reports with Javier, regional field director.
Janisse, a member of the 2011 Summer Organizer Program, gets ready to canvass voters.
Summer organizers prepare campaign literature to hand out to voters.
Summer organizer Catalina talks about her experiences during the past couple of weeks, from holding one-on-ones to registering voters.
Meet Alex: a father of four who's spending his summer learning how to be a community organizer. He says he hopes his organizing work will help teach his kids that if "they see something that needs changed, they know they can make a difference."
Targeting waste and making government more efficient have been priorities for my administration since day one. But as we work to tackle the budget deficit, we need to step up our game.
Government is not—and should not be—the main engine of job creation in this country. That’s the role of the private sector. But one thing government can do is partner with the private sector to make sure that every worker has the necessary skills for the jobs they’re applying for.
The 2011 Summer Organizer Guide.
Listening attentively to the story of the movement.
A member of the new class of summer organizers tells his story.
Break time on day one of the summer organizer training.
Members of the summer organizer class listen attentively as everyone introduces themselves at the start of the day.
Summer organizers pay close attention to a training presentation.
Waiting for the new class of summer organizers to arrive.
New Wranglers on the production line at the Chrysler Supplier Park.
The final product at the Chrysler Supplier Park.
World class manufacturing at the Chrysler Supplier Park.
A Wrangler in production at the Chrysler Supplier Park.
Auto workers observe the production line at the Chrysler Supplier Park.
“Our task has been to rebuild the future on a stronger foundation than we had before to make sure that you can see your incomes and your savings rise again.”
“I didn’t run for President to get into the auto business—I’ve got more than enough to do. I ran for President because too many Americans felt their dreams slipping away from them.”
Introducing President Obama at the Chrysler Supplier Park.
“I put my faith in the American worker. And I’ll tell you what—I’m going to do that every day of the week, because what you’ve done vindicates my faith.”
“We said that if everyone involved was willing to take the tough steps, then we’d invest in your future; that we’d have your back.”
Chrysler has repaid every dime and more of what it owes American taxpayers for their support during my presidency—and it repaid that money six years ahead of schedule.
While there is more work to be done, we are starting to see stronger sales, additional shifts at plants, and signs of strength in the auto industry and our economy—a true testament to the resolve and determination of American workers across the nation.
In a world where the prosperity of all nations is now inextricably linked, a new era of cooperation is required to ensure the growth and stability of the global economy.
The government's fleet of cars and trucks includes more than 600,000 vehicles, which means that we have the largest fleet in America. We will make sure 100 percent of the vehicles we buy are fuel-efficient or clean-energy by 2015.
We need to reward reforms in education that are driven not by Washington, but by principals and teachers and parents. That's how we'll make progress—not from the top down, but from the bottom up.
If we’re serious about meeting our energy challenge, we’re going to have to do more than drill. And that’s why the real solution is clean, homegrown energy.
Clean energy jobs are the jobs of the future — jobs that pay well right here in America.
We added another 268,000 private sector jobs in April, at a time when our economy has been facing some serious headwinds. We are making progress, and that proves how resilient the American economy is—and how resilient the American worker is.
We are grateful for our wounded warriors, who represent the very best of America. In their fight to recover and in yesterday's ride, we see the values and virtues that make our country great.
The Democratic Party has elected Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC Chair. Congratulations, Congresswoman.
Congratulations to the 2011 Commencement Challenge finalists: High Tech High International in San Diego, California; Booker T. Washington High School in Memphis, Tennessee; and Bridgeport High School in Bridgeport, Washington.
Yesterday, we remembered and honored two soldiers with the highest military decoration that our nation can bestow—the Medal of Honor. In so doing we also honored their families, who remind us that it is our extraordinary military families who also bear the heavy burden of war.
Just as it would undermine our future to ignore our deficits, it would also undermine our future to ignore the promise of students—young people who come to school to get a degree in the hopes of living out a better life.
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011
Chicago's Mayor-elect Rahm Emanuel introduces President Obama. April 14, 2011
Navy Pier's Grand Ballroom before President Obama and event attendees arrive. April 14, 2011
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011
Chicago campaign event, Navy Pier. April 14, 2011
Crowds gather at Navy Pier's Grand Ballroom to hear the President speak. April 14, 2011
Navy Pier before President Obama and event attendees arrive. April 14, 2011
Crowds gather at Navy Pier's Grand Ballroom to hear the President speak. April 14, 2011
Navy Pier's Grand Ballroom before President Obama and event attendees arrive. April 14, 2011
Because you deserve to know exactly how and where your tax dollars are being spent, we've made it easy to get that information online for the very first time in history.
Last night, leaders of both parties came together to avert a government shutdown, cut spending, and invest in our future. This is good news for the American people. It means that small businesses can get the loans they need, and hundreds of thousands of Americans will get their paychecks on time—including our brave men and women in uniform.
Every American can be proud of the lives we’ve saved in Libya and of the service of our men and women in uniform, who once again have stood up for our interests and our ideals.
A lot of people think health reform is just for the uninsured or for people who are sick. But one of the biggest proportions of people who are uninsured are young adults who are making the transition from college to a first job or graduate program. Now they can stay on their parents' insurance.
In an increasingly global economy, our partnership with Latin American nations is only going to become more vital. It¹s a source of growth and prosperity—not just for the people of Latin America, but for the American people as well.
As we celebrate together, let us take a moment to appreciate all that Ireland has given to America—the faith we keep, the family we hold close, the laughter and song and warmth we feel when surrounded by the ones we love.
As parents and students, as teachers and members of the community, we can take steps to help prevent bullying and create a climate in our schools in which all of our children can feel safe—a climate in which they all can feel like they belong.
Bullying isn't an issue that makes headlines every day, but it affects every single young person in our country. Putting a stop to bullying is a responsibility we all share.
When we sacrifice our commitment to education, we’re sacrificing our future. And we can’t let that happen. Our kids deserve better. Our country deserves better.
Getting our fiscal house in order can’t just be something we use as a cover to do away with things we dislike politically—and it can’t just be about how much we cut. It’s got to be about how we cut and how we invest. We’ve got to be smart about it.
One of the great joys of being President is getting a chance to pay tribute to the artists and authors, the poets and performers, who have touched our hearts and opened our minds.
President Barack Obama meets with the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations in the State Dining Room of the White House, March 1, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
As we prepare to write the next chapter of women's history, we must carry forward the work of the women who came before us and ensure our daughters have no limits on their dreams, no obstacles to their achievements, and no remaining ceilings to shatter.
Instead of cutting the investments in education and innovation we need to out-compete the rest of the world, we need a balanced approach to deficit reduction. We all need to be willing to sacrifice, but we can’t sacrifice our future.
The U.S. strongly supports the universal rights of the Libyan people. That includes the rights of peaceful assembly, free speech, and the ability of the Libyan people to determine their own destiny. These are human rights. They are not negotiable. And they cannot be denied through violence or suppression.
"President Barack Obama studies a document held by Director of National Intelligence James Clapper during the Presidential Daily Briefing in the Oval Office, Feb. 3, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Vice President Joe Biden in the Oval Office while National Security Advisor Tom Donilon and Counsel to the President Bob Bauer, right, confer in the Outer Oval Office, Jan. 5, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama holds a bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Stephen Harper of Canada in the Oval Office, Feb. 4, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama waits in the Green Room of the White House with interim Chief of Staff Pete Rouse, right, and Bill Daley before announcing Daley as his new Chief of Staff, Jan. 6, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Vice President Joe Biden talks with Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., after President Barack Obama signed the New START Treaty in the Oval Office, Feb. 2, 2011. Behind them, the President talks with Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, Sen. Richard Lugar, R-Ind., and Sen. Diane Feinstein, D-Calif. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama holds a Cabinet Meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House, Feb. 1, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Press Secretary Jay Carney in the Oval Office, Feb. 17, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama joins a toast with Technology Business Leaders at a dinner in Woodside, California, Feb. 17, 2011.
 (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden, Bill Daley, and interim Chief of Staff Pete Rouse walk along the Colonnade of the White House prior to President Obama's announcement of Daley as his new Chief of Staff, Jan. 6, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama meets with former President George H. W. Bush in the Oval Office, Feb. 15, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano about the preparations for the severe winter weather impacting a large part of the country during a phone call in the Oval Office, Feb. 1, 2011.  
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama is briefed on the events in Egypt during a meeting with his national security team in the Situation Room of the White House, Saturday, Jan. 29, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama walks through Lafayette Square with Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett, Chief of Staff Bill Daley, and National Economic Council Director Gene Sperling after addressing the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C., Feb. 7, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg before a dinner with Technology Business Leaders in Woodside, California, Feb. 17, 2011.
 (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama reviews his prepared remarks on Egypt at the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office, Feb. 11, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
Working together to protect the environment we share, lifting up the best ideas wherever we find them, preserving the great outdoors for our children and for their children—that’s our responsibility.
President Kennedy once said that a nation reveals itself not only by the men and women it produces but also by the men and women that it honors—the people that it remembers. When you look at the men and women who received the Medal of Freedom, it says something about who we are as a people.
Within five years, we want to make it possible for businesses to put high-speed wireless services in reach of virtually every American.
High-speed wireless service is how we’ll spark new innovation, new investment, and new jobs—and connect every corner of America to the digital age.
Today belongs to the people of Egypt, who have made it clear that nothing less than genuine democracy will carry the day. The American people are moved by these scenes in Cairo and across Egypt because of who we are as a people and the kind of world that we want our children to grow up in.
President Barack Obama greets the employees during a stop at Donkers candy store and restaurant in Marquette, Mich., February 10, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)
First Lady Michelle Obama: “One year later, Let’s Move! is a nationwide movement to give our kids everything they need—all the energy, strength, and opportunities they need to fulfill every last bit of their potential and achieve every last one of their dreams.”
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama walk back to the Residence after joining White House staff on the South Lawn of the White House to observe a moment of silence for the victims of the Arizona shootings Jan. 10, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama and President Hu Jintao of China begin their working dinner in the Old Family Dining Room of the White House, Jan. 18, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama waits in the Green Room of the White House with interim Chief of Staff Pete Rouse, right, and William Daley before the announcement that he was naming Daley as his new Chief of Staff, Jan. 6, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"With pen in hand, President Barack Obama sits at the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office as Staff Secretary Lisa Brown organizes a stack of 35 bills for him to sign into law, Jan. 4, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, and daughters Sasha and Malia (hidden behind other parishioners) sing during church services at Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church in Washington, D.C., Sunday, Jan. 16, 2011, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama speaks about the economy following a tour of Thompson Creek Manufacturing, which makes custom replacement windows in Landover, Md, Jan. 7, 2011. On stage with the President are the newest members of his economic team, from left: Jason Furman, Principal Deputy Director of the National Economic Council; Katharine Abraham, nominee for member, Council of Economic Advisers; Gene Sperling, National Economic Council Director; and Heather Higginbottom, nominee for Deputy Director, Office of Management and Budget.
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama, along with Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, former President Bill Clinton, and Richard Holbrooke’s wife Kati Marton, watch from backstage as a slide show of pictures are displayed during a funeral service for Holbrooke at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., Jan. 14, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
We’re launching Startup America, a national campaign to help win the future by knocking down barriers in the path of men and women in every corner of this country hoping to take a chance, follow a dream, and start a business.
President Barack Obama talks with FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano about the preparations for the severe winter weather affecting a large part of the country during a phone call in the Oval Office, Feb. 1st, 2011.
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama welcome President Hu Jintao of China at the North Portico of the White House for the State Dinner, Jan. 19, 2011. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
Director of speechwriting Jon Favreau and senior adviser David Axelrod take you inside the process of helping create the State of the Union address.
Let us forge a national commitment to support our extraordinary military families, not just now, during war, but at every stage of their lives.
The past two years were about pulling our economy back from the brink. Our job now is putting our economy into overdrive. Our job is to do everything we can to ensure that businesses can take root, that folks can find good jobs, and that America is leading the global competition that will determine our success in the 21st century.
Let us never forget the values that the people of China and the United States share: a reverence for family; the belief that, with education and hard work and with sacrifice, the future is what we make it; and most of all, the desire to give our children a better life.
President Barack Obama signs H.R. 2751, the “FDA Food Safety Modernization Act,” in the Oval Office, Jan. 4, 2011. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
Honoring those who’ve served is about more than the words we say on Veterans Day or Memorial Day. It’s about how we treat our veterans every single day of the year.
President Obama was honored to sign the 9/11 Health and Compensation Act to ensure that rescue and recovery workers and others suffering from health consequences related to the World Trade Center disaster have access to the medical monitoring and treatment they need. Their selfless courage will never be forgotten.
"The Official White House Christmas Tree stands in the Blue Room of the White House, Dec. 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama takes a late night phone call with President Hu Jintao of China, in the Oval Office, after attending the Kennedy Center Honors, Dec. 5, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama checks his BlackBerry en route to the Oval Office, Dec. 13, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama makes Congressional calls from the Oval Office, Saturday, Dec. 18, 2010.
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama pretend to sing with an a cappella group in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House during a holiday reception, Dec. 10, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)
"Members of the media are silhouetted against the blue curtain as President Barack Obama speaks at the White House Tribal Nations Conference at the U.S. Department of Interior in Washington, D.C, Dec. 16, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama take part in the Hanukkah candle lighting ceremony in the East Room of the White House, Dec. 2, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Bo, the Obama family dog, sits behind President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama, as the President delivers remarks during a holiday reception in the Grand Foyer of the White House, Dec. 15, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama waits in the Lower Press Office of the White House before the start of his press conference, Dec. 7, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama jogs across the tarmac to shakes hands with people gathered to watch his arrival on Air Force One at Piedmont Triad International Airport in Greensboro, N.C., Dec. 6, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama descend the Grand Staircase as they make their way to a holiday reception on the State Floor of the White House, Dec. 10, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama whistles as he walks along the Colonnade of the White House following a holiday reception, Dec. 14, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, and daughters Sasha and Malia sing ""Hark the Herald Angels Sing"" with other performers onstage at the Christmas in Washington performance at the National Building Museum in Washington, D.C., Dec. 12, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama shares a toast in the Oval Office with the members of his National Security Staff who worked on the New START nuclear arms control agreement, Dec. 22, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Chapel at Marine Corps Base Hawaii in Kailua, Hawaii, Dec. 26, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama, along with daughters Sasha and Malia, sing during services at St. Michael's Chapel at Marine Corps Base Hawaii in Kailua, Hawaii.
On behalf of Michelle, Malia, Sasha, and Bo, have a very merry Christmas.
This has been a season of progress for the American people. We were able to find common ground on challenges facing our country. That’s a message that I will take to heart in the new year, and I hope my Democratic and Republican friends will do the same.
Yes, we did.
We are not a nation that says, “Don’t ask, don’t tell.” We are a nation that says, “Out of many, we are one.” We are a nation that welcomes the service of every patriot. We are a nation that believes that all men and women are created equal. Those are the ideals that generations have fought for. Those are the ideals that we upheld today.
When the child next door is maltreated, we all suffer. Every American has a stake in the well-being of our nation's children. They are members of our communities, and they are our future.
President Barack Obama talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron during a phone call in the Oval Office.
What all of us care about is growing the American economy and creating jobs for the American people. Taken as a whole, that’s what this middle-class tax-cut bill is going to do. It’s a good deal for the American people. It's progress. And that’s what we were sent here to achieve.
We need to make sure our kids have the energy and the capacity to go toe to toe with any of their peers, anywhere in the world. And we need to make sure they’re all reaching their potential. That’s what this bill—the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act—will accomplish.
This is a very proud holiday tradition—in snow or shine, in good times and in periods of hardship, folks have gathered to light our national tree.
More than 14,000 members of the military have been discharged so far as a result of “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.”
This compromise will stop middle-class taxes from going up, spur our private sector to create millions of new jobs, and add momentum that our economy badly needs. That’s how we define our success—by the positive difference we can make in the lives of our fellow Americans.
Why is the DREAM Act so important for our country? Ask organizers, veterans, and business owners.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama pose in front of the Official White House Christmas Tree in the Blue Room of the White House.
This Hanukkah, let us give thanks for the blessings that all of us enjoy. Let us be mindful of those who need our prayers. And let us draw strength from the words of a great philosopher, who said that a miracle is “a confirmation of what is possible.”
Colin Powell is one of a number of former national security advisers, secretaries of defense, and secretaries of state—from both Democratic and Republican administrations—who have emphasized how important it is to get the New START treaty ratified.
"President Barack Obama is briefed on the situation on the Korean peninsula in the White House Situation Room, Nov. 23, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama makes phone calls from the Oval Office to members of the U.S. military on Thanksgiving Day, Nov. 25, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama attends a START Treaty meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, Nov. 18, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden walk together before delivering remarks at the Chrysler Transmission Plant in Kokomo, Indiana, November 23, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama participates in an arrival ceremony at Belem National Palace with President Cavaco Silva of Portugal in Lisbon, Portugal, November 19, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"First Lady Michelle Obama, with daughters Sasha and Malia, welcome the arrival of the official White House Christmas tree at the North Portico of the White House, Nov. 26, 2010. Standing with them are Chris and Brandi Botek of the Crystal Spring Tree Farm in Leighton, Pa., where the 18 1/2-foot Douglas fir was cut. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"President Barack Obama is briefed on the situation on the Korean peninsula in the White House Situation Room, Nov. 23, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama departs Belem National Palace in Lisbon after meeting with President Cavaco Silva of Portugal, right, Nov. 19, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with daughters Sasha and Malia in the Oval Office before pardoning a turkey named Apple in the Rose Garden, Nov. 24, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama gets a high five from a little visitor as the First Family helps distribute Thanksgiving food items at Martha’s Table, a food pantry in Washington, D.C., Nov. 24, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama holds a meeting on the economy with his advisors in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, Nov. 15, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
The American people did not vote for gridlock. They didn’t vote for unyielding partisanship. They’re demanding cooperation, and they’re demanding progress. And they’ll hold all of us accountable for it.
Thanksgiving is a holiday that asks us to be thankful for what we have and generous to those who have less. It’s a time to spend with the ones we love and a chance to show compassion and concern to people we’ve never met.
President Barack Obama makes phone calls from the Oval Office to members of the U.S. military on Thanksgiving Day.
Don't bet against the American auto industry. Don't bet against American ingenuity and the American worker.
Today, General Motors relaunched itself as a public company, and American taxpayers are now positioned to recover more than my administration invested in GM. We are finally beginning to see some of the tough decisions that we made in the midst of crisis pay off.
This administration is working to ensure that patients can receive compassionate care and equal treatment during their hospital stays. New rules will allow patients to decide their visitors—including same-sex domestic partners.
President Barack Obama wishes Vice President Joe Biden an early happy birthday after he was presented with a cake during their lunch in the Private Dining Room.
"President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Naoto Kan of Japan shake hands following their statement to the press at the InterContinental Yokohama Grand Hotel in Yokohama, Japan, Nov. 13, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama visits the Great Buddha of Kamakura with Michiko Sato, director, and Dr. Takao Sato, Chief Monk, at the Kotoku-In Temple in Kamakura, Japan, Nov. 14, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama arrive in Mumbai, India, Nov. 6, 2010.
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea walk together following a bilateral meeting at the Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, Nov. 11, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono smile as they participate in a press conference at the Istana Merdeka State Palace Complex in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 9, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh participate in a press conference at Hyderabad House in New Delhi, India, Nov. 8, 2010.
(Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)"
"President Barack Obama is photographed with other leaders for the official photo prior to the APEC dinner at the Pacifico Yokohama Conference Center in Yokohama, Japan, Nov. 13, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama’s motorcade is met by bodyguards on horseback at the main entrance of Rashtrapati Bhavan, the presidential palace, during the official arrival ceremony in New Delhi, India, Nov. 8, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama offers a toast during the State Dinner at the Istana Negara State Palace Complex in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 9, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard during the APEC Leader’s Closing Retreat at the Intercontinental Hotel in Yokohama, Japan, Nov. 14, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama stand in a receiving line and greet guests at the State Dinner at Rashtrapati Bhavan, the presidential palace, in New Dehli, India, Nov. 8, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama holds a bilateral meeting with President Hu Jintao of China at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Seoul, South Korea, Nov. 11, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)"
"President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh talk during the State Dinner at Rashtrapati Bhavan, the presidential palace, in New Dehli, India, Nov. 8, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama pause for a moment of silence at Rajghat, a memorial to Mahatma Gandhi, in New Delhi, India, Nov. 8, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First lady Michelle Obama greet children while touring Humayun's tomb in New Delhi, November 7, 2010.
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
To all of our men and women in uniform, our veterans, and our military families: We honor your service, we are grateful for your sacrifice, and we will not let you down.
President Obama speaks at a Veterans Day Troop Rally in Seoul, South Korea, telling all of America's vets that "today, we all want you to know this: We remember."
"President Barack Obama talks with U.S. Trade Representative Ambassador Ron Kirk before bilateral meetings at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Seoul, South Korean, Nov. 11, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets people at the Kotoku-In Temple in Kamakura, Japan, Nov. 14, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner at the conclusion of a Cabinet meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House, Nov. 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Staff members wait for President Barack Obama by the motorcade in preparation for departure from the Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 10, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and Indonesia's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono participate in the arrival ceremony at the Istana Merdeka State Palace Complex in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 9, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Vice President Joe Biden in the Outer Oval Office, Nov. 3, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with staff about the erupting volcano at Mt. Merapi in Indonesia, while flying on Air Force One from Mumbai to New Delhi, Nov. 7, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama tour Humayun’s Tomb in New Delhi, India, Nov. 7, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama waves to people along the motorcade route while traveling from the University of Indonesia to the airport in Jakarta, Indonesia, Nov. 10, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama board Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, en route for a nine-day trip to Asia, Nov. 5, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
Our nation is founded on the belief that all of us are equal and each of us deserves the freedom to pursue our own version of happiness. No one deserves to be bullied.
America cannot stand still in the face of challenge. We can't afford to put our future on hold. That's why a big part of the Recovery Act has been about investing in the future.
Today, Latinos make up the largest minority group in America’s schools, and they face challenges of monumental proportions. We’ve got to solve this problem, because if we allow these trends to continue, it won’t just be one community that falls behind—we will all fall behind together.
The work of these students is a testament to the potential that awaits when we inspire young people to take part in the scientific enterprise: tackling tough problems and testing new hypotheses—to try, and then to fail, and then to try again until they succeed.
Austan Goolsbee, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, looks back at this administration’s record on the economy by discussing the past three years of private-sector employment, and the improving trends we've seen.
We can no longer afford to sit still. We need a smart system of infrastructure equal to the needs of the 21st century. And by making investments across the country, we won’t just make our economy run better over the long haul—we will create good middle-class jobs right now.
Lynne Silosky, a niece of Staff Sergeant Robert J. Miller, curtsies with First Lady Michelle Obama. Later, during a ceremony in the East Room of the White House, President Obama awarded Staff Sergeant Miller the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic actions in Afghanistan.
"President Barack Obama greets guests during a discussion on health care reform and the Patient’s Bill of Rights at the Brayshaw residence in Falls Church, Va., September 22, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama greets vendors during a stop at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia, Pa., September 20, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama poses for a photo with a customer during a stop at Barelas Coffee House in Albuquerque, N.M., Sept. 28, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama greets people following the CNBC jobs town hall meeting at the Newseum in Washington, D.C., Sept. 20, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
President Barack Obama greets guests during a discussion on health care reform and the Patient’s Bill of Rights at the Brayshaw residence in Falls Church, Virginia.
"President Barack Obama pauses during a moment of silence in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House at 8:46AM, Saturday, Sept. 11, 2010, in remembrance of the time that the first plane hit the World Trade Center in 2001. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
Bo, the Obama family dog, waits for President Barack Obama to throw the ball during a game of "fetch" in the Rose Garden of the White House.
"President Barack Obama and Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner escort Elizabeth Warren from the Oval Office to the Rose Garden of the White House for the statement naming Warren to lead the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Sept. 17, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama fist bumps Vice President Joe Biden, with Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett looking on, before a meeting in the Oval Office, Sept. 16, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama meets with John Nicholas, Nicole Armstrong, and their twins Trevor and Olivia, at their home in Fairfax, Virginia, Sept. 13, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"Television correspondents stand for their reports as wait for President Barack Obama to enter the news conference in the East Room of the White House, Sept. 10, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama waves as he leaves Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, after the flight from Philadelphia, Pa.,  Sept. 14, 2010.  
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama holds open the door to the Oval Office for U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk, National Economic Council Director Larry Summers, and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner after his statement on the economy in Rose Garden of the White House, Sept. 15, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
President Barack Obama greets vendors during a stop at Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia.
President Barack Obama meets with John Nicholas, Nicole Armstrong, and their twins Trevor and Olivia, at their home in Fairfax, Virginia.
President Barack Obama waves as he leaves Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, after a flight from Philadelphia.
We can’t have a strong and growing economy without a strong and growing middle class.
"President Barack Obama hugs and thanks Christy Romer, the departing Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers, following a conversation in the Cross Hall of the White House, Sept. 2, 2010. Romer is leaving her post to return to the University of California, Berkeley. Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett is at right. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"President Barack Obama walks with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel along the Colonnade of the White House, following their remarks to the press, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"The President and his economic team in the Rose Garden, Sept. 3, 2010
White House Photo, Chuck Kennedy"
"President Barack Obama holds a working dinner with, clockwise from left, King Abdullah II of Jordan, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority, Tony Blair, the international Middle east envoy and former British Prime Minister, and President Hosni Mubarek of Egypt, in the Old Family Dining Room of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"A close-up of a message from King Abdullah of Jordan, after he signed a guest book in the Diplomatic Room of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama shakes hands with the audience before remarks at the Milwaukee Laborfest at Henry Maier Festival Park in Milwaukee, Wisc. September 6, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"President Barack Obama talks on the phone with Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate about preparations for Hurricane Earl during a call in the Oval Office. Listening at right is Richard A. Reed, Special Assistant to the President for Homeland Security. September 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama waves to the crowd after speaking at the Milwaukee Laborfest in Milwaukee, Wisc., Sept. 6, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama returns to the Oval Office, after escorting President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority to his limousine, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate about preparations for Hurricane Earl during a phone call in the Oval Office, Sept. 2, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"The President speaks in Ohio. September 8, 2010.
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"Prior to the start of their working dinner with President Barack Obama, President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, and President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority check their watches to see if it is officially sunset, in the Blue Room of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama walks with, from left, President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority, and King Abdullah II of Jordan, through the Cross Hall of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"After meeting with President Barack Obama in the Oval Office, members of the Middle East Policy team, including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, leave the Oval Office, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama escorts President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority from the Oval Office to his waiting motorcade, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama listens to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel during a bilateral meeting in the Oval Office, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama listens to President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt during a bilateral meeting in the Oval Office, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"The President speaks at the Milwaukee Laborfest,  Sept. 6, 2010
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Chief of Protocol Capricia Marshall waits for the arrival of President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt on the South Portico of the White House, Sept. 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
There are no better workers than American workers.
President Barack Obama talks with Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate about preparations for Hurricane Earl during a phone call in the Oval Office.
We owe our troops, veterans, and military families a debt of gratitude for their outstanding service to our nation. Thousands have already taken part in our Saluting Service in Iraq effort on whitehouse.gov, sending messages of thanks and support to our troops. Take a minute to add a message of your own.
President Barack Obama greets members of the military at Fort Bliss in El Paso, Texas.
Together, we are helping to make New Orleans a place that stands for what we can do in America. Ultimately, that must be the legacy of Katrina: not one of neglect, but of action; not one of indifference, but of empathy; not of abandonment, but of a community working together to meet shared challenges.
As we mark the end of America’s combat mission in Iraq, a grateful nation pays tribute to all who have served there. Part of responsibly ending this war is meeting our responsibility to those who have fought it.
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama talk with Maude Smith at her home in Columbia Parc Housing Development in New Orleans, La., Aug. 29, 2010. Smith's grandson, David Robichaux Jr., 9, sits next to the President. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama tour the Columbia Parc Housing Development in New Orleans, La., with New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu, right, and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan, Aug. 29, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama talk with Maude Smith at her home in Columbia Parc Housing Development in New Orleans, La., Aug. 29, 2010. Smith's grandson, David Robichaux Jr., 9, sits next to the President. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama delivers remarks marking the five-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina at Xavier University in New Orleans, La., Aug. 29, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
President Barack Obama signs a banner hanging in a room while visiting with Wounded Warriors at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C.
President Barack Obama greets people following lunch with First Lady Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia at Nancy's in Oak Bluffs, Mass., Aug. 25, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
Tina Tchen of the White House Council on Women and Girls commemorated the 90th anniversary of the 19th Amendment by answering the public’s questions about current women’s issues.
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama’s hands rest on the railing of a boat during their tour of St. Andrews Bay in Panama City Beach, Fla., Sunday, Aug. 15, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and daughter Sasha steer the ""Bay Point Lady"" during a tour of St. Andrews Bay off Panama City Beach, Fla., Aug. 15, 2010 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with the Weithman family, Rhonda, Joseph, daughter Rachel, 9, and son Josh, 11, in their home in Columbus, Ohio. August 18, 2010.
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama delivers remarks during an Iftar dinner celebrating Ramadan in the State Dining Room of the White House, Aug. 13, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama react to daughter Sasha's hole in one while playing miniature golf at Pirate's Island Golf in Panama City Beach, Fla., Saturday, Aug. 14, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, and daughter Sasha order ice cream at Bruster's in Panama City Beach, Fla., Aug. 15, 2010 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks on the phone in the Oval Office, Aug. 13, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama signs H.R. 2097, the Star-Spangled Banner Commemorative Coin Act, at the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office, Aug. 16, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets people following lunch with First Lady Michelle Obama and daughters Sasha and Malia at Nancy's in Oak Bluffs, Mass., Aug. 25, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
Let’s put aside the partisanship for awhile and work together for small businesses, for employees, and for the communities that depend on them.
President Barack Obama talks with the Weithman family, Rhonda, Joseph, daughter Rachel, 9, and son Josh, 11, in their home in Columbus, Ohio. August 18, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
Slowly but surely, we are moving in the right direction. The economy is getting stronger, but we can’t afford to start going backward and doing the same things that got us into trouble in the first place. We’ve got to move forward.
"President Barack Obama holds a round table discussion with local small business owners during a stop at Grand Central Bakery in Seattle, Washington. From left around the table: President Obama, Gillian Allen-White, General Manager of Grand Central Baking Company, Joe Fugere, founder of Tutta Bella Neapolitan Pizzeria, Commerce Secretary Gary Locke, and Tiffany Turner of the Inn at Discovery Coast. August 17, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets Lt. Col. Dave Kalinske and his family in the Oval Office, during Kalinske’s departure ceremony, Aug. 13, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
America’s small businesses are the backbone of our economy and the cornerstones of our communities. In the same way that they’re looking out for their employees, we need to be looking out for these small businesses.
We expect our commitment to clean energy to lead to more than 800,000 jobs by 2012.  And that’s not just creating work in the short term—that’s going to help lay the foundation for lasting economic growth.
President Barack Obama and daughter Sasha swim at Alligator Point in Panama City Beach, Florida. The President traveled to Panama City Beach with First Lady Michelle Obama and Sasha to meet with local business owners and officials and to encourage Americans to travel to the Gulf Coast beaches.
The President signs help for states to stay above water, preventing as many as 160,000 teacher layoffs and 900,000 public and private sector layoffs altogether.
"President Barack Obama greets people following his remarks at the Ford Motor Company Chicago Assembly Plant in Chicago, Ill., Aug. 5, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets First Lady Michelle Obama and daughter Sasha upon their arrival at a barbecue in celebration of his 49th birthday on the South Lawn of the White House, Aug. 8, 2010 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with kids attending a Let's Move tennis clinic on the South Lawn of the White House, Aug. 3, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama laughs with Elizabeth Cushman Titus Putnam, a winner of the 2010 Presidential Citizens Medal, during a ceremony in the East Room of the White House, Aug. 4, 2010, honoring the 13 recipients of the nation’s second-highest civilian honor. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"President Barack Obama walks with a group of summer interns in the Rose Garden of the White House, before taking a group photo with the entire class. August 12, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Commerce Secretary Gary Locke and U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk in the Green Room of the White House, following the Manufacturing Enhancement Act of 2010 signing ceremony. August 11, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama signs Elena Kagan's commission in the Oval Office, before a reception in the East Room celebrating her confirmation to the Supreme Court, Aug. 6, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets Ambassador Alieu Momodou Ngum, of The Gambia, and his family before the start of an ambassador credentialing ceremony in the Oval Office, Aug. 10, 2010. The presentation of credentials is a traditional ceremony that marks the formal beginning of an ambassador’s service in Washington. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
We’ve been through tough times before, and it is precisely in those times that we rebuilt, retooled, and recaptured the ingenuity and resilience that makes this nation so great. That’s how our predecessors built the first American century. That’s how we’ll build the next.
The President signs help for states to stay above water, preventing as many as 160,000 teacher layoffs and 900,000 public and private sector layoffs altogether.
If we’re serious about making sure America’s workers—and America itself—succeed in the 21st century, the single most important step we can take is to make sure that every one of our young people has the best education that the world has to offer.
Medicare isn’t just a program. It’s a commitment to America’s seniors—that after working your whole life, you’ve earned the security of quality health care you can afford.
President Barack Obama greets the First Lady and daughter Sasha upon their arrival at a 49th birthday barbecue on the South Lawn of the White House.
Organizing for America supporters across the country are standing with Elena Kagan—a Supreme Court nominee who embodies excellence, independence, integrity, and passion for the law.
We are going to rebuild this economy stronger than before, and at the heart of it are going to be three powerful words:  “Made in America.”
Today, the American auto industry is growing stronger. It’s creating new jobs and manufacturing the fuel-efficient cars and trucks that will carry us toward an energy independent future. We are proving the naysayers wrong.
"President Barack Obama picks up his sub after meeting with five small business owners at Tastee Sub Shop in Edison, N.J., July 28, 2010. The President visited Edison to discuss the economy and urge Congress to pass support for small businesses. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama signs the Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2010 in the Oval Office, July 22, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"President Barack Obama, with Assembly Manager Teri Quigley, gets behind the wheel of a new Chevy Volt during his tour of the General Motors Auto Plant in Hamtramck, Mich., July 30, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
As we celebrate the 45th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid, we reflect on a moment when our nation made an enduring commitment to care for those who have given the most to our society and those living in poverty.
The educational status quo in America is morally inexcusable and economically indefensible, and all of us are going to have to roll up our sleeves to change it.
We passed reform to put Americans in control of their own health care. Now, no matter your age or situation, there’s something for everyone at HealthCare.gov. Take a moment to check it out.
Equal access. Equal opportunity. The freedom to make our lives what we will. These aren’t principles that belong to any one group or any one political party. They are common principles. They are American principles.
The new Wall Street reform law is designed to ensure that our economy works for all of us—consumers, investors, and financial institutions. Watch remarks from yesterday’s signing ceremony.
"First Lady Michelle Obama watches students from the Duke Ellington School of the Arts and the Joy of Motion Dance perform in a special dress rehearsal in the East Room of the White House, July 19, 2010. The President and First Lady will host an event saluting Broadway to continue the White House music series celebrating the arts and demonstrating the importance of arts education. 
(Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)"
"President Barack Obama points out landmarks as he shows Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom the view from the Truman Balcony of the White House, July 20, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden walk from the Oval Office to the motorcade for the trip to the Ronald Reagan Building to sign the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, July 21, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama receives a briefing in the Situation Room of the White House on the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, July 21, 2010. Taking part in the meeting are, clockwise; Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, National Incident Commander Admiral Thad Allen, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa P. Jackson, U.S. Cost Guard Rear Admiral Peter Neffenger, Press Secretary Robert Gibbs, Interior Secretary Ken Salazar, NOAA Administrator Dr. Jane Lubchenco, Energy Secretary Steven Chu and Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
It’s time to stop holding workers laid off in this recession hostage to Washington politics. We’ve got to stop blocking emergency relief for Americans who are out of work and extend unemployment insurance.
"President Barack Obama waves to the crowd at a grassroots event for Missouri Secretary of State Robin Carnahan at the Folly Theater Auditorium in Kansas City, Mo., July 8, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner aboard Air Force One en route to Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, July 2, 2010. The President traveled to Charleston, W.Va., for Sen. Robert Byrd's memorial service. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets departing Associate Counsel to the President Alison J. ""Ali"" Nathan, left, Meg Satterthwaite, and their twin sons Oliver and Nathan, in the Outer Oval Office, July 7, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama meets with Warren Buffett in the Oval Office, July 14, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama delivers remarks to military service personnel and their families during the Fourth of July celebration at the White House, July 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"President Barack Obama walks with Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon from Air Force One to the nearby Smith Electric Vehicles at the Kansas City International Airport in Kansas City, Mo., July 8, 2010.
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama shakes hands with a young Cub Scout, during a meeting with representatives from the Boy Scouts, in the Oval Office, July 12, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Jack Lew on the Colonnade of the White House, after he announced Lew’s nomination to replace Peter Orszag as director of the Office of Management and Budget, July 13, 2010. At left, Bo, the Obama family dog, waits for the President inside the doorway of the Outer Oval Office. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama, along with Vice President Joe Biden, President Bill Clinton, West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin, and members of Congress, attends the memorial service for Sen. Robert C. Byrd at the State Capitol in Charleston, W.Va., July 2, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden talk with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel as they depart the Cabinet Room of the White House, July 6, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama shakes hands with Cub Scout Raphael Cash from Bowie, Md., prior to a meeting with a group of Boy Scouts of America youth members and executive leaders in the Oval Office, July 12, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"From left, Vice President Joe Biden, President Barack Obama, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, and Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, walk along the South Lawn drive of the White House, following their meeting in the Oval Office, July 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks on the phone with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas aboard Air Force One, July 9, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama pretend to march to music in the Blue Room of the White House, July 4, 2010, before delivering remarks to military families during a Fourth of July celebration. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Residents greet President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama upon their arrival at Fort McNair in Washington, D.C., July 3, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama arrives at Yeager Airport in Charleston, West Virginia, July 2, 2010. The President traveled to West Virginia, along with Vice President Joe Biden, left, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, for Sen. Robert Byrd's memorial service. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama listens during a communications planning meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, July 6, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama shoots baskets on the White House basketball court with Justin Friedlander and his family, July 6, 2010. Friedlander, who was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in March, 2009, has launched an initiative called “Justin’s Quest,” in which he will shoot 40,000 basketball shots, one for every person diagnosed with a primary brain tumor each year in the United States. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets members of the Byrd family at the West Virginia State Capitol in Charleston, W.Va., July 2, 2010. The President and Vice President Joe Biden attended the memorial service for Sen. Robert Byrd, who died June 28, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama leads Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, center, and Vice President Joe Biden on a tour of the White House Kitchen Garden following their meeting in the Oval Office, July 1, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev. aboard Air Force One, en route to West Virginia for Sen. Robert Byrd's memorial service, July 2, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
Wall Street reform will bring greater security to folks on Main Street, small businesses, community banks and credit unions who play by the rules, and shareholders and investors who want to see their company grow and thrive.
We’re going to keep on fighting until wages and incomes are rising, businesses are hiring again, Americans are headed back to work again, and we’ve recovered from this recession.
Through the Affordable Care Act, more than 100 million will have access to new benefits that improve the coverage they already have. One million uninsured Americans will gain health insurance coverage by next year.
Independence Day is a time to honor our armed forces, whose bravery and sacrifice have made our country what it is today. This Fourth of July, we celebrated with military families at the White House with fireworks and a concert.
"Fireworks begin as The Killers play on the South Lawn of the White House during the Fourth of July celebration. July 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama watch the fireworks over the National Mall from the roof of the White House. July 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Brandi Carlile and her band perform for military families during the Fourth of July holiday celebration on the South Lawn of the White House. July 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama greet military families as they celebrate the Fourth of July holiday on the South Lawn of the White House. July 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
We’re going make sure the jobs and industries of the future are taking root in America. That’s why we’re accelerating the transition to a clean energy economy and doubling our use of renewable energy sources like wind and solar power.
Businesses and families are tightening their belts as the impact of this Great Recession lingers. At the White House and across the government, we are doing the same. In ways large and small, we are being more responsible with the people’s money.
HealthCare.gov provides one-stop access to information on new consumer rights and benefits, a timeline of when new programs will come online between now and 2014, and an insurance finder that will make it easy to find both private and public health insurance options.
"President Barack Obama listens during a briefing at the Gulfport Coast Guard Station in Gulfport, Miss., June 14, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama looks at maps of local estuaries with Mayor David Carmandelle, National Incident Commander Admiral Thad Allen, oysterman Floyd Lasseigne, and others, at Carmandelle's Live Bait and Boiled Seafood in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Marine One makes its way along the Gulf Coast from Grand Isle to New Orleans, La., June 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets residents in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama listens during a meeting with residents at Carmandelle's Live Bait and Boiled Seafood in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama is updated on the response to the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, during a meeting in the tarmac field house at Louis Armstrong International Airport in New Orleans, La., June 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets residents in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama walks along a dock with, from left, Chris Carmandelle, National Incident Commander Admiral Thad Allen, and Mayor David Carmandelle, at Carmandelle's Live Bait and Boiled Seafood in Grand Isle, La., June 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton)"
"President Barack Obama eats boiled seafood with residents at Carmandelle's Live Bait and Boiled Seafood in Grand Isle, Louisianna, June 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama walks to the tarmac field house at Louis Armstrong International Airport in New Orleans, La., June 4, 2010, with Rep. Joseph Cao, R-La., Sen. David Vitter, R-La., and New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu, right, for a briefing on the response to the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Tim Kerner, mayor of LaFitte, La., asks a question regarding the BP oil spill, during a meeting in the tarmac field house at Louis Armstrong International Airport in New Orleans, La., June 4, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
As we emerge from this recession, we cannot return to the pre-crisis status quo. We have to build a new and stronger foundation for growth and prosperity—and that’s exactly what we’ve been doing for the past 16 months.
"President Barack Obama talks with U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Thad Allen and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, aboard Marine One as they fly along the coastline from Venice to New Orleans, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism John Brennan is in the background. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Thad Allen, who is serving as the National Incident Commander, and EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson, brief President Barack Obama about the situation along the Gulf Coast following the BP oil spill, at the Coast Guard Venice Center, Venice, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"Members of the U.S. Coast Guard listen as President Barack Obama delivers remarks, following a briefing on the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, at the Coast Guard Venice Center in Venice, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"President Barack Obama talks with local fishermen about recovery efforts along the Gulf coastline in Venice, La., Sunday, May 2, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama returns to the White House following his trip to Louisiana, Sunday, May 2, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"One of the Presidential helicopters flies over southern Louisiana as President Barack Obama returns to New Orleans after visiting Grand Isle, May 28, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama, with local, state and federal officials, remarks on the BP oil spill following a tour of Fourchon Beach and briefing at the U.S. Coast Guard Station in Grand Isle, Louisiana, May 28, 2010. 
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama is briefed by National Incident Commander Admiral Thad Allen, as Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change Carol Browner listens aboard Marine One en route Port Fourchon, Louisiana, May 28, 2010 
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
Employer provisions in the new health care reform law are a commonsense way to ensure more Americans have access to high-quality care.
We still have much work to do, but we've begun to lay a new foundation to bring greater security and economic growth to America's middle-class families.
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama wait in the Map Room of the White House, before welcoming President Felipe Calderón of Mexico and his wife, Mrs. Margarita Zavala, on the South Lawn, May 19, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama speaks during a working dinner for Heads of Delegation at the Nuclear Security Summit in the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington, D.C., April 12, 2010.   
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama talk with patrons at 12 Bones restaurant in Asheville, N.C., April 23, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama signs a baseball after throwing out the ceremonial first pitch on opening day of baseball season at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C., April 5, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama tours MogoOrganic farm with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, right, and Morgan Hoenig, left, in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, April 27, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama salutes an active duty service member following a naturalization ceremony in the Rose Garden of the White House, April 23, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama leads a moment of silence in memory of the lives lost when the plane carrying President Lech Kaczynski of Poland crashed in Russia last week, at the start of the first plenary session of the Nuclear Security Summit at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington, D.C., April 13, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy)"
"President Barack Obama arrives at the White House after a memorial service in Beckley, West Virginia, April 25, 2010, for the 29 miners killed in an explosion at Big Branch Mine. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama greets neighbors across the road from MogoOrganic farm in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, April 27, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama signs a bill in the Oval Office, April 7, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama warms up before throwing out the ceremonial first pitch on opening day of baseball season at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C., April 5, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama walks to an outdoor meeting with, from left, Valerie Jarrett, senior advisor, Dan Pfeiffer, communications director, Jim Messina, deputy chief of staff, and Bob Bauer, counsel to the President, in the Rose Garden of the White House, April 6, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama poses for a photo with a patron at Jerry's Family Restaurant, a diner in Mount Pleasant, Iowa, April 27, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama talks with Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel in the East Garden Room of the White House, prior to the screening of the film ""Nuclear Tipping Point"" in the Family Theater, April 6, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"People attending the annual Easter Egg Roll walk along the South Lawn of the White House, April 5, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson)"
"President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, and Vice President Joe Biden attend Dorothy Height’s funeral at Washington National Cathedral in Washington, D.C., April 29, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama returns to his seat after delivering the eulogy at the funeral for Dorothy Height at Washington National Cathedral in Washington, D.C., April 29, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama have a chance encounter with other hikers while walking along a trail off the Blue Ridge Parkway outside of Asheville, N.C., April 23, 2010. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
In the heart of the old steel corridor, where some never thought we’d see something like this again, companies are investing in American manufacturing and this community.
The Wall Street reform bill being debated by Congress represents the strongest consumer financial protections in history, designed to empower you with the clear and concise information you need to make the best choices for you.
Our jobs agenda is to empower small businesses with tax cuts and loans so they can hire. Helping businesses to create jobs should be something that both parties can agree to.
Secretary Kathleen Sebelius joined Rock the Vote president Heather Smith to answer your questions about how the Affordable Care Act expands health insurance coverage for young adults.
This administration is committed to creating a more prosperous rural America: building infrastructure, investing in new energy technologies, and creating better educational opportunities in the heartland.
America’s diversity is our strength. Our immigration system is broken, but we can’t undermine fundamental principles that define us as a nation in order to fix it. We have to stay true to who we are—a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.
Your government will do whatever it takes, for as long as it takes, to address the crisis in the Gulf Coast.
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama tour the White House South Grounds with Curator William ""Bill"" Allman, left and Chief Usher Admiral Stephen ""Steve"" Rochon. 
1/24/09
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza"
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama are welcomed by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II to Buckingham Palace in London, April 1, 2009. Official White House Photo by Pete Souza
"On a tour of the State Floor of the White House, President Barack Obama looks at a portrait of John F. Kennedy by Aaron Shikler. 1/24/09
Official Photo by Pete Souza"
"Dec. 19, 2009
“The First Lady, Malia and Sasha were outside in the midst of the snowstorm playing with the family dog, Bo.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama visit the Childrens Garden while touring the White House grounds.1/24/09
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza"
"May 19, 2009
“The President was leaving the State Floor after an event and found Sasha in the elevator ready to head upstairs to the private residence. He decided to ride upstairs with her before returning to the Oval Office.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"The President walks with Today Show host Matt Lauer on the State Floor of the White House on Super Bowl Sunday. During the interview, the President discussed the stimulus package 2/1/09
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza"
"May 8, 2009
“A temporary White House staffer, Carlton Philadelphia, brought his family to the Oval Office for a farewell photo with President Obama. Carlton’s son softly told the President he had just gotten a haircut like President Obama, and asked if he could feel the President’s head to see if it felt the same as his.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Dec. 19, 2009
“We returned from Copenhagen to a huge snowstorm in Washington. At one point, it didn’t even look like we could land at Andrews Air Force Base. Later that day, a Saturday, the President surveyed the snowfall from the Oval Office.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama is given the Oath of Office for a second time by Chief Justice John G. Roberts, Jr. in the Map Room of the White House 1/21/09. 
Official White House photo by Pete Souza"
"President Barack Obama in the Oval Office on his first day in office 1/21/09.
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza"
"Dec. 6, 2009
“Having seen more than 25 Bruce Springsteen concerts since 1978 and having seen just about every movie Robert DeNiro has ever made, it was a great thrill to be in their presence as the President greeted them before the Kennedy Center Honors at the White House.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Aug. 25, 2009
“On vacation in Martha’s Vineyard, the President shared a moment with his young niece, Savita.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Dec. 10, 2009
“Before the Nobel Peace Prize dinner in Oslo, the President and First Lady wave from a balcony to the crowd gathered below in the town square. Not only did I have a unique vantage point, I was also able to keep warm on a very chilly night.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"May 22, 2009
“We were flying to the U.S. Naval Academy aboard the Marine One helicopter and the President was reading the business section of the New York Times. He is a voracious reader.” 
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama surveys the Cabinet room with family members while touring the White House on his first day in office.
1/21/09
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza"
"President Barack Obama walks on the Colonnade with David Axelrod and Reggie Love (c) on his first day in office 1/21/09.
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza"
"Oct. 14, 2009
“The President appears in deep thought as he and senior advisor David Axelrod listen during a climate change meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House. A moment later, he was laughing at a humorous exchange.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama wear 3-D glasses while watching a TV commercial during Super Bowl 43, Arizona Cardinals vs. Pittsburgh Steelers, in the family theater of the White House on February 1, 2009. Guests included family, friends, Cabinet members, staff members and bipartisan members of Congress. 
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama meets with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Oval Office shortly after she was confirmed and sworn in on Wednesday, Jan. 21, 2009. 
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza"
"Nov. 16, 2009
“The President listens during a meeting aboard Air Force One as we flew to Beijing, China.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Sept. 27, 2009
“The President and his daughter Sasha read one of Thomas Jefferson’s speeches at the Jefferson Memorial one Sunday night in Washington, D.C. The entire family toured the Memorial and later the Washington Monument.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"July 4, 2009
“President and Mrs. Obama were watching the Fourth of July fireworks from the roof of the White House. What a great vantage point to not only see the fireworks, but also watch the Foo Fighters who were performing on the South Lawn.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Dec. 3, 2009
“President Obama heads along the White House colonnade to the residence after leaving the Oval Office for the day.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Sept. 17, 2009
“The President and First Lady console Paul and Janet Monti, parents of Army Sgt. 1st Class Jared C. Monti, in the Blue Room of the White House following a Medal of Honor ceremony for their son.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"July 7, 2009
“Family dinner is usually private time. But I heard they were having dinner atop their hotel in Moscow, which overlooked the Kremlin. When they first sat down, Sasha was just having some fun with her dad.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama speaks with a foreign leader in the Oval Office on his first day in office 1/21/09. 
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza"
"Jan. 20, 2009
“We were on a freight elevator headed to one of the Inaugural Balls. It was quite chilly, so the President removed his tuxedo jacket and put it over the shoulders of his wife. Then they had a semi-private moment as staff member and Secret Service agents tried not to look.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama walks into the Oval Office at the White House Wednesday morning, Jan. 21, 2009, for his first full day in office. His Personal Aide Reggie Love stands nearby. 
Official White House photo by Pete Souza"
"Dec. 1, 2009
“The President delivers remarks on Afghanistan before cadets at West Point.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Jan. 16, 2010
“President Obama had called on the two former Presidents to help with the situation in Haiti. During their public remarks in the Rose Garden, President Clinton had said about President Bush, ‘I’ve already figured out how I can get him to do some things that he didn’t sign on for.’ Later, back in the Oval, President Bush is jokingly asking President Clinton what were those things he had in mind.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Oct. 8, 2009
“The President jockeys for a rebound with Congressmen during a basketball game at the White House. I think opponents are always surprised at how tough and competitive he can be.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Jan. 20, 2009
“President-elect Barack Obama was about to walk out to take the oath of office. Backstage at the U.S. Capitol, he took one last look at his appearance in the mirror.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"July 11, 2009
“When I tell people this is the departure ceremony from Ghana, they ask ‘why is he walking away from the plane.’ His motorcade had just brought him to the airport, and the First Family was walking to the stage where he was to give his farewell remarks.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"Oct. 13, 2009
“Much to Sasha’s chagrin, the President starts dancing to the music at the Fiesta Latina event on the South Lawn of the White House.”
(Official White House photo by Pete Souza)"
"President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden laugh together in the Oval Office, 1/22/09. 
Official White House Photo by Pete Souza"
The fight for health reform has been a reminder that while change is never easy, it’s always possible.
President Obama signs student loans reform into law to make college more affordable and remove banks as middlemen for student loans.
"We said we’d stand up to the special interests, and stand
 up for the interests of students and families. And that's what 
happened."
Three years later, a promised fulfilled.
This is why we're fighting.
Today's health care status quo is unsustainable. If we do nothing, 625 more people will continue to lose their insurance every hour. If we do nothing, by 2020 health insurance premiums will nearly double.
In the end, this debate is about far more than politics. It comes down to what kind of country we want to be.
When we succeed in this historic effort to improve our health care system, it will be because of you.
Our future is determined each and every day, when our children enter the classroom, ready to learn and brimming with promise.
Today is a good day for American consumers -- the credit card reform we fought for last year takes effect.
"Public schools that encourage systemic reform and embrace effective approaches to teaching and learning help prepare America’s students to graduate ready for college and a career, and enable them to out-compete any worker, anywhere in the world. This is your opportunity to show me why your school exemplifies the best that our education system has to offer."
Addressing a special joint session of Congress on health insurance reform tonight—be sure to tune in at 8pm ET. You can use this forum to discuss questions, make comments and engage with others about it:
"For all those whose cares have been our concern, the work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dream shall never die."—Senator Ted Kennedy, 1932-2009
History was made today when Sonia Sotomayor took the judicial oath and joined the Supreme Court. Congratulations, Justice.
Facebook Exclusive: Watch the backstage footage of a recent cameo appearance on the Colbert Report.
President Obama released a special video message for all those celebrating Nowruz. Translated "New Day," Nowruz marks the arrival of spring and the beginning of the New Year for millions in Iran and other communities around the world.  This year, the President wanted to send a special message to the people and government of Iran on Nowruz, acknowledging the strain in our relations over the last few decades. "But at this holiday we are reminded of the common humanity that binds us together," he says. - http://whitehouse.gov
"It is that promise that has always set this country apart—that through hard work and sacrifice, each of us can pursue our individual dreams but still come together as one American family, to ensure that the next generation can pursue their dreams as well."—Barack Obama
Barack Obama delivers what's come to be known as the "More Perfect Union" speech. "I have asserted a firm conviction—a conviction rooted in my faith in God and my faith in the American people—that working together we can move beyond some of our old racial wounds, and that in fact we have no choice if we are to continue on the path of a more perfect union."
"I'll support the candidate who can best inspire all of us, who can lift our vision, summon our hopes and dreams to meet the great challenges of our time, and make us all believe again that America's best days are still to come."—Sen. Ted Kennedy on Barack Obama
Barack Obama visited Selma, Alabama to honor the Voting Rights March.
Fired up and ready to go—Barack Obama at a town hall at the University of New Hampshire.
Barack Obama greets Iowans in his first campaign swing through the Hawkeye State.
President Obama at a "Christmas in Washington" celebration at the National Building Museum in Washington, D.C.
"We can acknowledge that oppression will always be with us, and still strive for justice. We can admit the intractability of deprivation, and still strive for dignity. Clear-eyed, we can understand that there will be war, and still strive for peace."—President Obama accepting the Nobel Peace Prize
The President takes part in a bipartisan congressional meeting.
Bump.
President Obama, Vice President Biden, and Secretary Clinton walk out of the West Wing together.
A Thanksgiving turkey aptly named Courage waits to be pardoned by the President.
On a visit to China, President Obama visits the Forbidden City.
President Obama leaves a coin at the grave of 19-year-old Medal of Honor recipient Specialist Ross McGinnis at Arlington Cemetery.
The President signs a memorandum for closer consultation between Native American tribes and the federal government.
President Obama signs the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, expanding hate-crime law to include gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
President Obama plays a game of pick-up with Cabinet members and members of Congress.
President Obama addresses the United Nations General Assembly at U.N. Headquarters in New York. "We must build new coalitions that bridge old divides," he says. "All nations have rights and responsibilities—that's the bargain that makes this work."
President Obama and the First Lady observe a moment of silence during the eighth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.
President Obama delivers a speech on health care to a joint session of Congress.
President Obama and Vice President Biden with Supreme Court justices at the investiture ceremony for Sonia Sotomayor.
On the way to a town hall meeting in New Hampshire, President Obama chats with senior advisers aboard Air Force One.
President Obama listens during a health care reform meeting with advisers.
President Barack Obama meets Women's National Basketball Association champions the Detroit Shock at the White House.
President Obama writing a response to one of the 10 letters he receives from the White House correspondence office each day.
The President meets with members of the disability community at the White House.
President Obama speaks about credit card reform during a town hall in Rio Rancho, New Mexico.
President Obama bends over so the son of a White House staffer can pat his head. He wanted to see if the President's haircut felt like his.
President Obama and Vice President Biden grab a bite to eat at Ray's Hell Burger in Arlington, Virginia.
President Obama looks back on his first 100 days in office.
President Obama signed the Kennedy Service Act to reauthorize and expand national service programs.
The President confers with members of his auto task force before making  calls on extending emergency loans to the auto industry.
The Obama family expands by four paws—Bo Obama, a gift from Senator Ted Kennedy, becomes the First Dog.
A close-up of the President's signature on the Recovery Act.
President Obama gives his first White House press conference on the economic crisis.
President Obama takes his first flight on Air Force One.
"Equal pay is by no means just a women's issue. It's a family issue."—President Barack Obama
"We begin this year and this administration in the midst of an unprecedented crisis that calls for unprecedented action."—President Obama during his first weekly address.
Senator Obama takes one last glance in the mirror before heading out to take the oath of office on his inauguration day.
President Barack Obama and the First Lady take a break between balls on inauguration night.
"If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time, who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer."
The election isn't over till it's over.
After his wife of 69 years passed away, Charles becomes an Obama for America volunteer. Then he gets a chance to meet the candidate.
"Hey, Ms. Turner, it's Barack Obama. How are you?"
Senator Barack Obama delivers an economic policy speech at the Seagate Convention Center in Toledo, Ohio.
"As long as all of us are together, as long as we are all committed, there's nothing we can't do."—Barack Obama speaking on a rainy Virginia night days before the 2008 election
Supporters and grassroots organizers share their inspiration for getting involved in the 2008 campaign.
Meet some of the folks who made sure Ohioans' voices were heard in 2008.
The Obama and Biden families get into the campaign spirit.
"With eyes firmly fixed on the future, in the spirit of unity, with the goal of victory, with faith in our party and our country, let's declare together in one voice right here, right now that Barack Obama is our candidate—and he will be our President."—Sen. Hillary Clinton
In her speech at the Democratic National Convention, Michelle Obama tells the crowd that she and her husband "have an obligation to fight for the world as it should be."
"This is no ordinary time. This is no ordinary election. And this may be our last chance to reclaim the America we love, to restore America's soul."—Joe Biden accepting the vice-presidential bid
Hillary Clinton rallies for Barack Obama in Unity, New Hampshire.
Barack Obama celebrates Father's Day at Apostolic Church in Chicago.
Barack Obama speaks at a rally in Great Falls, Montana.
Barack Obama visits a school in Thornton, Colorado.
During a campaign stop in Eugene, Oregon, Senator Obama stops to get ice cream.
Auto workers show their support at a Chrysler plant in Sterling Heights, Michigan.
Barack Obama rallies in Eugene, Oregon.
Senator Obama made one-on-one conversations—like this one in Greenwood, Indiana—a cornerstone of his campaign in 2008.
Michelle Obama rallies in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Stevie Wonder performs at a rally for Senator Barack Obama in Indianapolis.
Supporters encourage a vote for Senator Barack Obama in the Indiana primary.
Barack Obama plays some pickup basketball during a break from the campaign trail in Kokomo, Indiana.
Senator Obama tours the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame in New Castle, Indiana.
Senator Obama is joined onstage by his wife Michelle Obama, Senator Bob Casey Jr., and Teresa Heinz Kerry at a rally in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Senator Obama greets one of the workers at the Erie Bolt Factory during his campaign's stop in Erie, Pennsylvania.
Senator Obama makes a surprise appearance at Indiana University's popular annual bike race, the Little 500.
"Ordinary citizens can have enormous influence on what happens in Washington."
South Bend, Indiana is in for Obama 2008.
Barack Obama speaks with Hardball host Chris Matthews.
Barack Obama stops at a diner in Burnham, Pennsylvania.
The Obamas wave to supporters during a visit to San Antonio, Texas.
Ohio supporters give Barack Obama a warm welcome in Akron.
A crowd of Obama 2008 supporters gathers before the candidate speaks at the foot of Austin's capitol building.
Students and supporters in College Park, Maryland "Stand for Change."
Barack Obama speaks to supporters in Denver after an introduction by Caroline Kennedy.
Senator Edward Kennedy endorses Senator Obama as the candidate who shares his vision for America.
Supporters in Greensboro, South Carolina stand with Barack Obama.
"We are one people. We are one nation. And together we will begin the next great chapter in the American story with three words that will ring from coast to coast, from sea to shining sea: 'Yes we can.'"—Barack Obama on the night of the New Hampshire primary
"On this January night, at this defining moment in history, you have done what the cynics said we couldn't do."—Barack Obama on the night of the Iowa caucuses
"I know the only reason I'm standing on this stage today, the only reason Oprah's here, the only reason Michelle is here is because at sometime somebody somewhere stood up for us ... Because a few stood up. A few thousand stood up. And then a few million stood up. Standing up with courage and conviction—they changed the world."
"In this election, in this moment, let us reach for what we know is possible: a nation healed, a world repaired, an America that believes again."—Barack Obama at the 2007 Jefferson-Jackson dinner in Iowa
"When I see a crowd like this, what it tells me is that the American people are not the problem. The American people are the answer. Let's go change the world."—Barack Obama addresses more than 24,000 supporters in New York City's Washington Square Park
Barack Obama talks with a crowd in Peterborough, New Hampshire.
Dubuque, Iowa hosts Senator Obama for a town hall meeting about the Iraq war and Obama's plans for bringing the conflict to an end responsibly.
Barack Obama addresses the crowd at a Labor Day picnic in New Hampshire.
Barack Obama talks to supporters while getting a shave at Emerson's Barber Shop.
Barack Obama gets a warm welcome from his Iowa campaign staff and interns.
The whole Obama family enjoys the Iowa State Fair, particularly a round of bumper cars.
Senator Obama stops to say hello to a young supporter and her family in New Hampshire.
Barack Obama shakes the hands of student supporters on his way to speak at the College Democrats of America Convention.
Michelle Obama cuts the ribbon at the grand opening of a new volunteer headquarters in Chicago.
Barack Obama gets to know four grassroots supporters over dinner.
Barack Obama hits the phones while visiting his campaign's Des Moines, Iowa headquarters.
Michelle Obama greets a few of the kids gathered to meet her family in Oskaloosa, Iowa on the Fourth of July.
"There's one opportunity we still have to get this war right, and that is treating our veterans well when they come home."—Barack Obama discussing the Iraq war with voters in Iowa
Barack Obama draws a massive crowd on a rainy day in Austin, Texas.
Barack Obama makes his first campaign visit to South Carolina.
Barack Obama announces that he's running for President in Springfield, Illinois.