In Japan for the G20 Summit. I will always put the interest of AMERICA first! We can't have any more WEAK Democrats apologizing for the GREATEST country on Earth!
Seems totally ridiculous that our government, and indeed Country, cannot ask a basic question of Citizenship in a very expensive, detailed and important Census, in this case for 2020. I have asked the lawyers if they can delay the Census, no matter how long, until the United States Supreme Court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter. Can anyone really believe that as a great Country, we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a Citizen. Only in America!
Our economy is STRONG and GROWING! The U.S. economy grew at a 3.1% rate in first quarter!
If the Democrat Debate last night taught America anything, it’s that we CAN’T go back to a Democrat in the White House!
Thank you MSNBC, real professionals!
I look forward to speaking with Prime Minister Modi about the fact that India, for years having put very high Tariffs against the United States, just recently increased the Tariffs even further. This is unacceptable and the Tariffs must be withdrawn!
BORING!
Byron York: “What now, for those who denied a 'crisis' at the border?”
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by Joe Biden, together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform. They came to me asking for help, and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed, with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!
The Republican Senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our Southern Border, 84-8! In addition to aid, Congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the Crisis. We must end incentives for Smuggling Children, Trafficking Women, and Selling Drugs.
STOP THE BIAS!
I want far BETTER deals for the United States. We can't have WEAK Democrats negotiating deals for the American people!
Latinos currently see their lowest unemployment rate in HISTORY. I will keep delivering for the Latino community and the rest of America!
"My campaign is LIVE on YouTube!
We want to hear from YOU! You can officially VOTE on the issues facing everyday Americans NOW!
WATCH HERE!"
55,000 new JOBS were added in Nevada since last May. That’s the FASTEST rate in the nation for the 8th consecutive month! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Democrats want Open Borders, which equals violent crime, drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes, like 90%. Republicans want what’s good for America - the exact opposite!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Wednesday, June 26th:
-Deliver remarks at the Faith & Freedom Coalition 2019 Road To Majority Policy Conference
-Depart Washington, D.C., en route to Osaka, Japan"
Presidential Harassment!
Today, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Army Staff Sgt. David Bellavia (HERO) for his courageous actions as a squad leader in Fallujah.
Today, I signed an Executive Order Establishing a White House Council on Eliminating Regulatory Barriers to Affordable Housing!
While the Democrats are in Miami talking about higher taxes, more regulation and radical left-wing policies, WE came to talk about our tremendous RESULTS!
The U.S. is committed to increasing Apprenticeship opportunities in America! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
My Executive Order on healthcare price transparency is perhaps one of the most important reforms in the history of American healthcare in a very long time. We are giving power BACK to the patients!
Latinos are doing GREAT due to the policies of my administraion. AMERICA is BACK!
Today, my campaign announced our 'Latinos for Trump' coalition. Under my administration, Latinos see the lowest unemployment rate EVER, 1.9M jobs created for Latinos, and the lowest poverty level EVER for Latinos. FOUR MORE YEARS!
I requested $4.5 BILLION in humanitarian aid 2 MONTHS AGO! What did Democrats in Congress do? NOTHING. Now they're divided over stopping a humanitarian crisis at the Southern Border!
Democrats continue to take the Latino vote for granted. Nobody has delivered more for Latinos than my administration. I will continue to deliver when I get FOUR MORE YEARS!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, June 25th:
-Host a conference call with Veterans for MISSION Act Update
-Sign an Executive Order Establishing a White House Council on Eliminating Regulatory Barriers to Affordable Housing 
-Present the Medal of Honor"
Together, we stared down a corrupt and broken political establishment, and we restored government of, by, and for the people. Our country is now thriving, prospering, and booming and, frankly, it’s SOARING to incredible new heights. Our economy is the envy of the world, perhaps the GREATEST economy we’ve had in the history of our country.
Today's landmark healthcare action continues my mission to put American patients first. We believe the American people have the right to know the price of services before they go to visit the doctor!
Smugglers are now SCARED to cross the Guatemala-Mexico border because Mexico has upped it's security after we said we would put tariffs on them. If only the Democrats did as much as Mexico is doing to protect America!
I have just signed hard-hitting sanctions on Iran following a series of aggressive behavior by the Iranian regime in recent weeks including the shooting down of a U.S. Drone.
I am pleased to announce the launch of http://tmagac.winred.com. This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine. This has been a priority of mine and I’m pleased to share that it is up and running!
I am delivering on my promises to the American people, and the Latino community is benefiting BIG TIME!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Monday, June 24th: 
-Participate in a photo opportunity with the 2019 Presidential Scholars
-Receive intelligence briefing
-Have lunch with the Vice President
-Sign an Executive Order on Improving Price and Quality Transparency in Healthcare"
We can't allow the Radical Democrats to destroy our progress! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
This week I announced my Second Term Presidential Run. We need FOUR MORE YEARS of putting the American people first and a strong economy!
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. But they must STOP THE BIAS against conservatives!
Ivanka Trump joined Secretary Mike Pompeo to unveil the 2019 Trafficking in Persons (TIP) Report and HONOR the ‘freedom keepers’ devoting their lives to fight human trafficking.
I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border, together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably won’t happen, but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!
We MUST WIN to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 🇺🇸
BUILDING THE WALL!
At the request of Democrats, I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process (Deportation) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not, Deportations start!
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years, and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that Sanctions come off Iran, and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!
I am at Camp David working on many things, including Iran! We have a great Economy, Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN, & on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!
When people come into our Country illegally, they will be DEPORTED!
Democrats are doing NOTHING to solve the border crisis. Mexico is doing much more!
Because of the strong economy we created, American wages will be HIGHER than the national $15 minimum wage that Democrats are calling for!
"The Sunshine State has played host to many a Trump rally over the last four years, but nothing’s come close to what we just saw in Orlando."
Thanks to all of the amazing job creation under my administration, we need LEGAL immigrants to come to America for work! We also have the LOWEST Hispanic unemployment rate in the history of our country!
We need FOUR MORE YEARS of Promises Kept for America! We can't go back!
My popularity is RISING with Latinos! They see our BOOMING Economy and they see our fight for a SECURE border & laws that support SMART immigration. We're also standing for FREEDOM, not socialism!
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled Death to America. I terminated deal, which was not even ratified by Congress, and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency, when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust! On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked & loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked, how many will die. 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry, our Military is rebuilt, new,  and ready to go, by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting & more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons, not against the USA, and not against the WORLD!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Friday, June 21st:
-Receive intelligence briefing
-Have lunch with the Secretary of State
-Receive a 2019 hurricane briefing, along with the First Lady
-Participate in the Congressional Picnic, along with the First Lady"
If Democrats weren’t spending all their time on endless investigations, we could pass legislation to lower drug prices, address the border crisis, and improve our infrastructure. But they are refusing to work with us!
Cuban Americans high on Trump as 2020 ramps up in Florida!
THE WALL IS BEING BUILT!
Happy National American Eagle Day!
Tremendous news! This is a MOVEMENT!
I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
I BEAT expectations for hispanic voter turnout in 2016. Now Hispanic-American unemployment is at its LOWEST level ever recorded & we are standing for FREEDOM against socialism. Promises Made, Promises Kept!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Iran made a very big mistake!
S&P opens at Record High!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Thursday, June 20th:
-Participate in a bilateral meeting with the Prime Minister of Canada
-Participate in an expanded bilateral working lunch with the Prime Minister of Canada"
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
I don't think about special interests. I only think about how the American people can WIN, WIN, WIN!
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again.  We will make America safe again. And we will Make America Great Again!
Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami), Florida, and heading to the Oval Office, where I will present the great Economist, Dr. Arthur Laffer, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
The American people must send ANOTHER earthquake to the ballot box in 2020. We need to make it clear to the SWAMP that our movement is the American movement!
Today, we join the nation in celebrating Juneteenth, commemorating the day in 1865 that all African Americans were ‘free at last’ through the official abolition of slavery.
This GREAT movement is because of YOU, the American people! I will NEVER stop fighting for you!
The American Dream is BACK. It's BIGGER, BETTER, and STRONGER than ever before! Our future is BRIGHT - that's why we can't elect Democrats!
We are going to take on the Radical Democrats BIG TIME in 2020!
The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, so after almost 3 years, they want a Redo, or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillary’s people complete Immunity, yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why aren’t the Dems looking at the 33,000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Don’t ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family, YOUR future, & the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, & the only positive VISION for our Country’s future!
In the ultimate act of moral cowardice, not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol. They don’t have the character, the virtue, or the spine!
On no issue are Democrats more extreme – and more depraved – than when it comes to Border Security. The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible. It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole!
Together, we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics: we are KEEPING our promises to the American People. Because my only special interest is YOU!
TRUMP PENCE 2020!
"Join me LIVE in Orlando, FL! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Text TRUMP to 88022 for Campaign Updates!"
I will be taking the stage in Orlando shortly! Here are some of the great things we are doing for Florida!
Heading to Orlando now! Can't wait to see so many hard-working American patriots in a PACKED arena tonight as we kickoff our 2020 Presidential run!
It has been an incredible four years. Can't wait for FOUR MORE!
"Join us LIVE for 45 Fest in Orlando, FL!
Text TRUMP to 88022 for Campaign Updates!"
"Join us LIVE for 45 Fest in Orlando, FL!
Text TRUMP to 88022 for Campaign Updates!"
"Join us at 3:30 p.m. EDT for 45 Fest LIVE from the rally site in Orlando, Florida!
JOIN HERE: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/livestream"
My campaign is READY for 2020!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In 2020 the stakes are even higher than they were in 2016. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Massive rally TONIGHT in Orlando, Florida!
Looking forward to my announcement in Florida tonight and another FOUR MORE YEARS!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, June 18th:
-Receive intelligence briefing
-Deliver remarks at Trump Victory Reception
-Deliver remarks at Make America Great Again Rally in Orlando, FL"
Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando, some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that can’t get into the 25,000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!
The United States is doing MUCH better than any other country! Our economy is BOOMING and Americans are back at work!
Very nice, thank you!
Looking forward to the MASSIVE MAGA RALLY tomorrow! Trump-Pence 2020!
We are ALREADY seeing results with Mexico starting to patrol their Southern Border. They detained 791 undocumented migrants!
I am taking on the FAILED political establishment and restoring government OF, BY, and FOR the PEOPLE!
Wow! People started camping out Monday morning for the Orlando rally tomorrow. The first one showed up at 2:30 a.m. to witness history! Can't wait!
This is a MOVEMENT like we've never seen in the history of our country. I will continue to keep my promises to the American people. FOUR MORE YEARS!
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100,000 requests. Our Country is doing great, far beyond what the haters & losers thought possible - and it will only get better!
Looking forward to being in Orlando, Florida to announce my Second Term Presidential Run and discuss how GREAT our country is doing!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi & the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA, the spectacular & very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA, the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U.S.A. Great for our Farmers, Manufacturers & Unions? Do your JOB!
Four years ago today, I started my presidential campaign for the Forgotten Men and Women of America. Look how far we have come! Now we must KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Happy Father's Day to all!
We are in a STRONG position for 2020. Promises Made, Promises Kept!
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!
The Trump Economy is setting records, and has a long way up to go....However, if anyone but me takes over in 2020 (I know the competition very well), there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT
Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country, we are doing great in the Polls, even better than in 2016, and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando, Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!
Thank you for a tremendous job, Sarah!
I LOVE this country!
It was my honor today to speak on expanding health coverage options for American small businesses and workers! We are putting the people back in charge with more choice, better care, and far lower cost!
Since he now supports taxpayer funded abortions AND open borders, I hope Joe Biden enjoys National Flip-Flop Day!
Announcing great, expanded HRAs—big win for small employers and workers. This is a fantastic plan! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage.
Can't wait to see the names of all my supporters on my birthday card this year!
Illegal immigration takes its toll on communities!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday June, 14th:
-Have lunch with the Secretary of State
-Meet with the Secretary of Education
-Deliver remarks on expanding health coverage options for small businesses and workers"
Happy Flag Day! I LOVE this country!
Thank you very much!
Gas prices could fall below $2 for MANY Americans! Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
As a result of the BOOMING economy we are bringing Americans who have been on the sidelines back into the workforce—including former inmates!
The First Step Act is giving Americans a SECOND CHANCE!
After 3 1/2 years, our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas. She is a very special person with extraordinary talents, who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah, thank you for a job well done!
I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Wales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
Voters in KEY battleground states widely support what I've been saying on immigration - CONGRESS NEEDS TO ACT!
Crazy Bernie and the rest of the Radical Democrats want to get rid of our successful TAX CUTS for the middle class!
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely “Loco,” or Unhinged, as they like to say!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, June 13th:
-Have a working lunch with governors on workforce freedom and mobility
-Deliver remarks on second chance hiring"
We can not allow Democrats to REPEAL the Trump Tax Cuts that have benefited 82% of Middle Class Americans. Democrats want to RAISE taxes on Americans to pay for their RIDICULOUS proposals!
The RADICAL Green New Deal would cost America AT LEAST 1 MILLION JOBS. It would be a total DISASTER for our country and the economy that we have worked so hard to get back (and succeed in doing)!
The Radical Democrats want to impose Medicare-For-All. That means TOTALLY getting rid of American's private health insurance in addition to MANY more consequences!
As our nations mark 100 years of diplomatic relations, the U.S.–Poland alliance is stronger than ever before! 🇺🇸 🇵🇱
Joe Biden said China was NOT a competitor of ours. A total Dummy!
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse. The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up & don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
Despite what the FAKE NEWS is saying, Joe Biden is FAR from a moderate!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, June 12th:
-Participate in a 2:2 bilateral meeting with the President of the Republic of Poland and Mrs. Kornhauser-Duda, along with the First Lady
-Participate in an expanded working lunch with the President of the Republic of Poland 
-Participate in a joint signing ceremony with the President of the Republic of Poland 
-Participate in a joint press conference with the President of the Republic of Poland 
-Attend the Polish-American reception"
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this ticket looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
"YouTube just caved to leftist demands and dramatically increased censorship on its platform."
Today, I signed an Executive Order to speed reviews of biotechnology so American Farmers can quickly access critical scientific advances to reap the BENEFIT of American innovation!
Today, here in Iowa, we honor America’s cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence — and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean, affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL!
In Iowa today! Nobody fights harder for American Farmers than me!
“Ivanka Trump Pushes Initiative to Give Women Bigger Role in Global Peace Efforts”
Very low inflation! Good numbers all around for the economy!
Acting DHS Secretary Kevin McAleenan: “This is the most significant set of commitments, operational and policy, that we’ve ever had from the government of Mexico. Let me just be very clear on that.”
The CRISIS at the border is unlike ANYTHING we have ever seen before!
Presidential Harassment!
The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side, but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33,000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, June 11th:
-Tour the Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy in Council Bluffs, IA
-Deliver remarks on renewable energy
-Deliver remarks at the Republican Party of Iowa Annual Dinner"
Mexico stepped up to help stop Illegal Immigration at our Southern Border. Time for the Do Nothing Democrats to do the same!
MEXICO is doing more than the DEMOCRATS are doing to stop the Border Crisis!
I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all.
Can’t believe they are bringing in John Dean, the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which they’ll never get!
Hirings for U.S. businesses increased to 5.9 MILLION in April! The HIGHEST level since the Labor Department started keeping track. MORE JOBS!
It was my HONOR to represent America abroad this week and to commemorate D-Day with some of the bravest people who ever lived, our Veterans!
When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the  the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me, something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism
We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico, one that the U.S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexico’s Legislative body! We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but, if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming, Tariffs will be reinstated!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Monday, June 10th:
-Receive intelligence briefing 
 -Have lunch with the Vice President 
-Participate in a meeting on Major League Baseball’s efforts to combat human trafficking 
 -Greet the 103rd Indianapolis 500 Champions: Team Penske"
The Russia Witch Hunt was a total HOAX. Investigate the investigators!
"After years in which the Obama administration delayed and thwarted any major action against the Big Tech companies, the decision has apparently even shamed some House Democrats into playing along."
“The Democrats and the biased media will nonetheless do their best to downplay the historic achievements of the Trump economy, but nothing they say can change the fact that Americans are far better off today than they have been for a long time and certainly better off than they were three years ago.”
If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible, & a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me, despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done, no credit!
Great!
The Fake News Media is working overtime to damage me and our Make America Great Again agenda. That’s all they want to do - they don’t care about the TRUTH!
We are RESPECTED AGAIN on the world stage!
Her Majesty the Queen was a WONDERFUL woman! I truly enjoyed my time with her!
My administration's criminal justice reform is WORKING! It is overwhelmingly benefiting the African American community!
MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
Mexico will try very hard, and if they do that, this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!
"Prisoner released under First Step Act thanks Trump, Kushner in viral video"
It was my honor to speak to our HEROES on D-Day!
Dow Jones has best week of the year!
ISIS plotted to send terrorists through the US-Mexico border. The Democrats continue to FALSELY claim there is no CRISIS at the border. Democrats must stop putting this country at risk for pure political gain!
Strong Jobs Report for the month of May. Our economy is BOOMING and we are putting AMERICA FIRST!
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico, & there is a good chance that we will, they will begin purchasing Farm & Agricultural products at very high levels, starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal, Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5% level on Monday!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy & Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal & unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions & Infrastructure!
The U.S. is standing firm. Mexico must act to stop the flow of migrants through their country!
Happy Birthday, Vice President Pence!
John Solomon: Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump.
To the veterans of WWII, we THANK YOU from the bottom of our hearts!
Today I signed Disaster Aid Bill to help Americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms. So important for our GREAT American farmers and ranchers. Help for GA, FL, IA, NE, NC, and CA. Puerto Rico should love President Trump. Without me, they would have been shut out!
We have an undeniable crisis at the Southern Border that Mexico needs to help solve. Democrats need to recognize this is REAL!
Mexico immediately sent representatives to Washington once the potential tariffs were announced. They know I am not playing games. The crisis at the border must be fixed!
DACA recipient says he is NOT for the "DREAM & PROMISE ACT" passed by Dems in the House because it is "time to work together." We must work to fix the border crisis!
So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!
Democrats refuse to help with the humanitarian crisis at the Southern Border. My Administration is seeking $4.5B to address the humanitarian emergency. Dems won't budge!
On the 75th Anniversary of D-Day, we remember and honor some of the bravest people that ever lived. We proudly commemorate these heroes who gave their all to defend freedom and to protect civilization as we know it. We will NEVER forget their sacrifice!
Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made, but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133,000 because of Mexico & the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that, if no agreement is reached, Tariffs at the 5% level will begin on Monday, with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go, the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!
The crisis at our Southern Border is at a BREAKING POINT. Approximately 1 MILLION aliens are projected to arrive at the Southern Border this year alone. More than 100,000 aliens have arrived each of the past two months!
U.S. stocks had their BEST day in FIVE months yesterday!
Thanks to the HARD WORK of Ivanka, Mastercard and USAID Extend Relationship to Support Women Entrepreneurs!
The USMCA is a total WIN for the American worker! It has enough votes in the House to PASS & nearly 400 companies support the deal. Time for Democrat leaders in Congress (Nancy) to DO THEIR JOB. Take it to the floor & ratify it!
It was my honor to mark the 75th anniversary of D-Day with President Franklin D. Roosevelt's powerful prayer in Portsmouth, England today.
Democrats will stop at NOTHING to keep our borders OPEN and obstruct me from keeping my promises to the American people. Thankfully, they are LOSING!
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, we’re doing great!
Can you imagine Cryin’ Chuck Schumer saying out loud, for all to hear, that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs & Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice, no bluff!
Today, let us renew our pledge engraved at the American Cemetery in Normandy, and inscribed by President Dwight Eisenhower in St. Paul's Cathedral right here in London, that 'the cause for which they died shall live.
Tomorrow, Prime Minister May and I will attend a commemoration ceremony in Portsmouth, UK, to honor the more than one and a half million American service members who were stationed in England during WW2.
Democrats in Congress continue to drag their feet on approving the USMCA which has enough votes in the House to PASS! Almost 400 businesses support the deal. Take it to the floor, Nancy. Stop STONEWALLING!
Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!
As the U.K. makes preparations for Brexit, the United States is committed to a phenomenal trade deal between our two nations!
As part of my second day in the United Kingdom, I held a joint press conference with Prime Minister Theresa May.  Melania and I are honored to return to London as our nations commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-Day and World War II.
Many hard-working Americans don’t like that Labor Leaders are supporting the Do-Nothing Democrat Party. They are proposing the job killing Green New Deal while Republicans are creating JOBS and breaking economic records!
Our AMERICA FIRST agenda is setting records in Pennsylvania!
On behalf of all Americans, I offer a toast to the eternal friendship of our people, the vitality of our nations, and to the long-cherished and truly remarkable reign of Her Majesty The Queen!
Sign up HERE: https://action.donaldjtrump.com/millionth-red-maga-hat-entry/?utm_source=organic__post&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=20190520__millionth-red-maga-hat-entry-djt_djt_djt&utm_content=djt_contests
At any given moment 100,000 migrants are making their way through Mexico, heading towards our Southern Border. Mexico is not stopping the flow of people through its country and the Radical Democrats continue to do NOTHING to secure our Border!
The USMCA has enough votes in the House of Representatives to PASS! This deal is a total WIN for AMERICA. Time to take it to the floor, Nancy! Stop the Democrat Obstruction!
Today, the First Lady and I joined Her Majesty the Queen at a welcome ceremony for the US State Visit to the UK!
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking Billions!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Monday, June 3rd:
-Introduced to the Members of the Royal Household and British Suite with Her Majesty the Queen, along with the First Lady
-Participate in official welcome ceremony with Her Majesty the Queen, along with the First Lady 
-Introduce the American Suite to Her Majesty the Queen, along with the First Lady
-Participate in a private luncheon with Her Majesty the Queen, along with the First Lady
-Participate in royal collection gift review with Her Majesty the Queen, along with the First Lady
-Lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior, along with the First Lady
-Tour Westminster Abbey and sign the guestbook, along with the First Lady 
-Participate in a photo opportunity with His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cornwall, along with the First Lady 
-Have tea with His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cornwall, along with the First Lady
-Participate in a presentation of guests with Her Majesty the Queen, along with the First Lady
-Participate in a royal procession with Her Majesty the Queen, along with the First Lady 
-Participate in a State Banquet with Her Majesty the Queen, along with the First Lady
-Participate in a reception after the State Banquet with Her Majesty the Queen, along with the First Lady"
"Las Vegas was a major beneficiary of the booming U.S. economy this past weekend, attracting about a third of a million visitors during the busiest Memorial Day for travelers in over a decade."
Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is, they’ve been “talking” for 25 years. We want action, not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise, our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!
Many people see how GREAT our country is doing and they are starting to embrace our America First agenda! We are growing our support for 2020!
"While he made it clear that his investigation is closed, the main takeaway from outgoing Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s surprise farewell statement to the media Wednesday is that he desperately wanted to take down President Trump, but simply couldn’t find a way to do it."
The economy is BOOMING and I am keeping my promises to the American people. I will never stop fighting for you!
CASE CLOSED. Time for the SWAMP to get back to work for the American people!
Fake News is the true Enemy of the People!
Spoke to Virginia Governor Ralph Northam last night, and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning, to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there, and will be, for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!
Those we recognized on Memorial Day, who died for our great country, would be very happy and proud at how well America is doing today. None of this would be possible without them!
The economy is BOOMING because we are putting America First!
Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems, our Immigration Laws are BAD. It is also time for Mexico to finally do what must be done!
The Tariffs on Mexico are about stopping drugs as well as illegals from crossing our border. Time for Mexico to do their part and help STOP this crisis!
"I have the HIGHEST regard for our nation’s HEROES: our Law Enforcement! We will ALWAYS stand with you!
Show your support for our Make America Great Again agenda and purchase your LIMITED EDITION “Law Enforcement for Trump hat NOW!
BUY now: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/law-enforcement-for-trump-hat-black"
I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania, Vice President Mike Pence, and Second Lady Karen Pence on June 18th in Orlando, Florida, at the 20,000 seat Amway Center. Join us for this Historic Rally! Tickets: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/rallies/jun-orla-flor-2019
"I will ALWAYS stand with our GREAT Firefighters!
Show your support for our Make America Great Again agenda and buy your LIMITED EDITION “Firefighters for Trump” hat NOW!
BUY now: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/firefighters-for-trump-hat-black"
GM to invest $24M in Fort Wayne plant, boost pickup production
As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation, let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish, imprison, or even execute individuals on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!
"I LOVE those who work everyday to keep our country SAFE: our GREAT Firefighters and Law Enforcement!
Show your support for our Make America Great Again agenda with an OFFICIAL “Firefighters for Trump” & “Law Enforcement for Trump” hat!
BUY BOTH, GET $10 OFF: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/firefighters-for-trump-and-law-enforcement-for-trump-hat-bundle"
Working hard to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!
90% of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico & our Southern Border. 80,000 people died last year, 1,000,000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years & nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. It’s time!
Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border, the Dems won’t do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders, which equals crime!
On June 10th, the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied, at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.
This is a VERY SAD period in this country's history. One of my biggest achievements in the end will be exposing the corruption in Washington!
Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office (along with other potential candidates) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years, I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!
"President Trump STANDS with Law Enforcement and Law Enforcement STANDS with President Trump!
Show your support for President Trump and buy your OFFICIAL ""Law Enforcement for Trump"" hat NOW!
LIMITED EDITION. Get yours NOW: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/law-enforcement-for-trump-hat-black"
The Democrat Party is unhinged! Their radical position on abortion is horrible!
Democrats want to impeach because they can't win! How can you impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats?
Looks like the USMCA has enough votes to pass in the House of Representatives. Bring it to the floor, Nancy!
Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend, Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country (or me) down!
The Do Nothing Democrats!
The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40,000,000 over two dark years, with unlimited access, people, resources and cooperation, highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges, if he had ANYTHING, but there were no charges to bring!
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
My administration is seeing tremendous results in the African American community including lowest unemployment ever recorded! Sleepy Joe Biden was heavily involved in passing the 1994 Crime Bill which hurt African Americans badly!
"President Trump stands UNITED with our nation’s Firefighters!
American Firefighters STAND with President Trump!
Tired of Union Bosses telling HARDWORKING patriots to support Democrats in elections? FIGHT BACK!
Get your LIMITED EDITION “Firefighters for Trump” hat while supplies last NOW: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/firefighters-for-trump-hat-black"
Democrats have two choices. They can either continue down the path of endless partisan investigations OR begin to invest in the future of America! I choose investment! Let’s get things done for the American people. I love the American people!
Democrats in Congress need to read the USMCA and get it PASSED! This is a great deal for the American people!
Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore, in our Country, a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you.
Sleepy Joe Biden has been WRONG on Foreign Policy for 40 Years! He was wrong on the Iraq War, the Syria “Red Line," the “Russia Reset,” the bin Laden raid, and on the Iran nuclear deal! Even Obama and Biden's former Secretary of Defense agrees!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, May 29th:
-Receive intelligence briefing
-Participate in the ceremonial swearing-in of the President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States
-Have lunch with the Vice President 
-Meet with the Secretary of State"
Many people are starting to WALK AWAY from the Do Nothing Democrat Party and are getting on board with our GREAT America First agenda! The American people see through the lies of the Fake News Media and the Radical Democrats!
I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a “low IQ idiot,” and many other things, whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer “low IQ individual.” Who could possibly be upset with that?
Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!
It was my honor to address the brave men and women of the USS Wasp on Memorial Day. My administration is committed to ensuring that our military power is second to NONE!
"Firefighters, Law Enforcement and President Trump stand UNITED for America!
Show your support for President Trump and buy an OFFICIAL ""Law Enforcement for Trump"" Hat & “Firefighters for Trump” Hat NOW!
Buy BOTH together, SAVE $10! Links below.
Law Enforcement for Trump Hat: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/law-enforcement-for-trump-hat-black
Firefighters for Trump Hat: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/firefighters-for-trump-hat-black
BOTH Hats: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/firefighters-for-trump-and-law-enforcement-for-trump-hat-bundle"
Hispanics are doing GREAT in the Trump Economy. We are just getting started!
I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military, then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well, and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be able to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, and helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
On this Memorial Day, we remember and honor the HEROES who have sacrificed their lives so we can live freely! We will NEVER forget you.
On Memorial Day we pray, remember, and honor those who have died while serving in the U.S. Armed Forces. Our nation is forever thankful for those who paid the ultimate sacrifice to defend our nation and freedom. I wish everyone a peaceful Memorial Day!
Our economy is perhaps the strongest it has ever been in HISTORY! Will be hard to beat in 2020!
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!
This week, I proposed a common sense immigration policy based on MERIT. The Do Nothing Democrats need to stop investigating and start working for the American people!
"Those who fear that President Donald Trump is on the verge of dragging our country into war with Iran are forgetting, or deliberately twisting, what everyone knows about his reluctance to put our troops in harm’s way needlessly and endlessly."
Never a fan of Justin Amash, a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy!
"The OFFICIAL TRUMP STORE Memorial Day Sale is HERE!
Get 25% off MAGA gear with the code: MEMORIAL.
SHOP NOW: https://bit.ly/2YNhz9b"
Pennsylvania is totally different than when I visited it many times in 2016. It is BOOMING!
Departed the White House and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister Abe!
All along it was the DEMOCRATS who can't accept the results of the 2016 election. They created a total HOAX and continue the illegal Witch Hunts!
The Radical Democrats plan a government TAKEOVER of healthcare. That means ELIMINATING private plans. I will make healthcare more affordable AND accessible using free market principles. We will protect pre-existing conditions!
I don’t know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states, loud & clear & for all to hear, No Collusion and No Obstruction (how do you Obstruct a NO crime?) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!
Nancy is a MESS! She doesn’t understand the USMCA. She needs another TWO WEEKS to read it! Learn the bill and ACT!
Our farmers just want a LEVEL PLAYING FIELD! These are great PATRIOTS!
I will ensure that our farmers get the relief they need VERY QUICKLY!
I love American Farmers! I am working hard to make sure you are properly taken care of!
China WISHES a weak Democrat will win in 2020 so they can continue to rip America off. They're not going to take advantage of the U.S. while I'm in office!
Our GREAT American Farmers are PATRIOTS!
The Hispanic community is WINNING under the Trump economy!
The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PARTY!
Congress is failing to provide the desperately needed resources for law enforcement to address the Border Crisis. It is time for them to Act!
Today I awarded our bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters America’s highest public safety award – The Medal of Valor.
"I couldn’t believe that illegal immigrants would be given higher priority than someone who followed the law."
Mueller and the Angry Democrats spent MILLIONS of taxpayer money on a HOAX! They found NO COLLUSION & NO OBSTRUCTION as I said all along. There was NO NOTHING!
Democrats in Congress continue to ABUSE their power in an attempt to destroy my presidency. Hard to do when there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! Presidential Harassment!
No collusion. No obstruction.
Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is, the Haters say that is not a new Wall, but rather a renovation. Wrong, and we must build where most needed. Also, tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective, and bringing them to a very high standard!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, May 22nd: 
-Meet with Congressional Democrats on infrastructure
-Participate in the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor presentation ceremony"
Great news for Republicans: Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE, over 70% of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!
The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) would have been a disaster for Pennsylvania and other parts of the Rust Belt. That's why I PROUDLY withdrew the U.S. from this horrible deal in my FIRST WEEK!
We are the ENVY of the world!
THE WALL is being built QUICKLY to deal with the crisis that Democrats continue to ignore at our Southern Border!
Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING, the best in the World and in our Country’s history - and we have just started!
Pennsylvania's unemployment rate is at an ALL-TIME HISTORIC LOW! Pretty tough to be beat!
I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats, our Immigration Laws are totally flawed & broken. Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U.S. & that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/ this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
"Join me LIVE in Montoursville, PA! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Text TRUMP to 88022 for Campaign Updates!"
We love our BRAVE and COURAGEOUS law enforcement officers! We will ALWAYS stand with you!
With the wonderful College, University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA, there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever, great housing and financing. Go out there, work hard, & have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!
My administration believes that ALL Americans have the right to Free Speech. We will not let the Left's war on Free Speech win!
"The fake news media are obsessed with President Trump’s taxes. Unfortunately, they either have no idea what they’re talking about or they’re intentionally distorting the facts to suit their partisan agenda … perhaps both."
I will not allow China to keep ripping off our country. We are in a much stronger position than ever before when it comes to making a deal. We must ALWAYS put America first!
Three states, including two BIG ones for 2020, just set new lows for unemployment!
My proposal for MERIT based immigration reform will increase American competitiveness in attracting and retaining the best and brightest by moving the United States in line with systems used by other countries!
Wow! Ivanka Trump wins pledge to train 1 million more workers, 9 million so far!
I STAND with our incredible men and women of law enforcement! #NationalPoliceWeek
The wall is going up VERY rapidly!
GREAT work by Ivanka! My administration is committed to creating more JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever. Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides, views, and policies are covered. I’m sure that Iran will want to talk soon.
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Wednesday, May 15th:
-Deliver remarks at the 38th Annual National Peace Officers’ Memorial Service
-Meet with the Secretary of State
-Host the White House Historical Association Dinner, along with the First Lady"
With incredible grit, skill, and pride, the 7,000 workers here at Sempra Energy are helping lead the American Energy Revolution. They are not only making our nation WEALTHIER but they are making America SAFER by building a future of American Energy INDEPENDENCE!
China is losing business. They want a deal!
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem, Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth.
Great news! "Trump approval at 51%, winning millennials, trusted more than Democrats on economy"
We are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made with China!
"I will be in Montoursville, PA for a MAGA Rally on Monday, May 20th!
GET YOUR FREE TICKETS HERE: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/events/may-mont-pa-2019"
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Tuesday, May 14th:
-Participate in a walking tour of Cameron LNG Export Facility in Hackberry, LA
-Deliver remarks on promoting energy infrastructure and economic growth"
Today, I officially updated my budget to include $18 million for our GREAT Special Olympics, whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD!
Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine!
Throughout Police Week, we express our unending gratitude to our Nation’s law enforcement officers! These brave men and women selflessly confront danger to protect our families and defend our communities. To those in blue who have been killed or disabled in the line of duty, we will never forget you!
Border apprehensions in 2019 are set to reach their HIGHEST level in 13 years! CONGRESS must act with proper Border Security. Even Joe Biden agrees!
"The overall economy enjoyed an astounding 3.2% GDP growth in the first quarter of 2019, and the Asian American unemployment rate, at an incredible 2.1%, has reached the lowest levels in the history of our country."
WATCH: Former Obama Defense Secretary says JOE BIDEN was WRONG on nearly every foreign policy issue in last 4 decades
There is NO ROOM for a moderate Democrat in the 2020 field!
Strengthened Trump crippling Democratic Senate recruitment, 0-7 so far
Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!
I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller, and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact, he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually, lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!
I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election, 2020, to see if they could get lucky & have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year. The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy & employment numbers in U.S. history, & much more), and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now, but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!
Did senators forget that Trump Jr. answered the questions already?
America is OPEN for business!
Who is a moderate for the Democrats?
We love our GREAT Farmers! I will ALWAYS put them and America, FIRST!
The USMCA is a GREAT deal for America and it will help our roaring American economy!
Today we recognize the husbands and wives of members in our Armed Forces. Thank you for your patriotism, sacrifice, and service!
China WISHES that they could "negotiate" with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats, and thereby continue to rip-off the United States for years to come. Not going to happen!
"President Trump, riding the surging economy to better approval ratings, is giving top-tier potential Democratic Senate candidates pause as they mull taking on Republican candidates with strong ties to the White House in 2020."
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI & will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down, almost all Republicans & Democrats thought he should be FIRED, but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men & women who work there!
“Barr was never legally required to release the full [Mueller] report to Congress. We forget that. Nor, is he legally allowed to release certain redacted parts of it.”
Last night in Florida, I pledged $448 million more to the victims of Hurricane Michael‬. No more games, gimmicks, or delays from the Democrats.
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, May 9th:
-Deliver remarks on ending surprise medical billing
-Receive intelligence briefing
-Participate in a photo opportunity with the Boston Red Sox Team Leadership
-Welcome the 2018 World Series Champions to the White House: The Boston Red Sox"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After a great rally in Panama City Beach, Florida - I am returning to Washington, D.C. with Senator Rick Scott and Senator Marco Rubio, discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes!
"Join me LIVE in Panama City Beach, FL! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Text TRUMP to 88022 for Campaign Updates!"
We are BUILDING THE WALL!
The Radical 2020 Democrats want to get rid of our successful Tax Cuts. This would not be good for hard working Americans!
CASE CLOSED.
Nearly HALF of my 2020 campaign contributions this year have come from WOMEN donors! #WomenForTrump
Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not, harsh measures will have to be taken!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Tuesday, May 7th:
-Attend the First Lady’s Be Best Anniversary Celebration
-Have lunch with the Vice President
-Participate in a meeting with Republican members of the Senate"
"Republican Sens. Marco Rubio, Joni Ernst, Mike Lee and Bill Cassidy have all announced paid parental-leave proposals in the last two years. Ivanka Trump, the President’s daughter and senior adviser, has also made it one of her chief priorities while serving in the White House."
This is about as good as it gets from the New York Times!
Democrats are telling total lies about our great Tax Cuts. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has helped us create perhaps the greatest ECONOMY in our history!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Monday, May 6th:
-Present the Commander-in-Chief’s trophy to the U.S. Military Academy football team
-Receive intelligence briefing
-Present the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Tiger Woods"
Another week of Promises Kept for the American people!
The Radical Left Democrats want to take away American's guns. Republicans will continue to protect the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens!
I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong, fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!
Today, May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others, and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7/365. We love our great firefighters, thank you! #ThankAFirefighter
Happy National Fitness Day!
So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter, and Paul Watson banned from Facebook!
I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America — and we have what’s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching, closely!!
"My goal is to put Americans back on the moon by 2024!
#NationalSpaceDay"
All along, THIS was the REAL scandal!
Union workers see the amazing things happening in our country. Union bosses are not speaking for their workers. Their workers want President Trump!
‪We can all agree that AMERICA is now #1. We are the ENVY of the WORLD — and the best is yet to come!‬
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, May 3rd:
-Have lunch with the Secretary of State
-Participate in an expanded bilateral meeting with the Prime Minister of the Slovak Republic"
On National Day of Prayer, we reaffirm our commitment to religious liberty for ALL Americans!
Sleepy Joe doesn't think China is a threat. Meanwhile, I am working on a great deal with China that puts AMERICA FIRST and protects our economy!
"Democrats are experts at deception, but even they have their work cut out for them if they want to convince Pennsylvanians that President Trump’s tax cuts have been anything but a major win for the middle class."
On National Day of Prayer, we come together to give thanks to God for the many blessings He has given our great Nation. Religious liberty is a natural right, not a courtesy that government extends to us!
Looking forward to 2020! Many Americans are seeing my Promises Kept and want it to continue!
"Border Patrol agents stationed on the U.S.-Mexico border arrested a group of 424 people who illegally crossed into New Mexico on Tuesday morning. Authorities said the group is the largest ever apprehended at once."
Our economy is doing GREAT!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!
Kerik: Dems Should Forget Prisoner Voting, Join Trump on First Step Reforms
Radical Democrats want OPEN BORDERS!
The United States stands firmly with our allies in the fight against terror!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, April 30th: 
-Participate in a meeting with Congressional Democrats
-Receive intelligence briefing 
-Participate in the visit of the 2018 NASCAR Cup Series Champion: Joey Logano"
"Anxiety on the left reached new heights last week, with the government reporting that the nation’s economy had grown at an unexpectedly fast pace in the first quarter of the year."
When I leave office, in SIX YEARS, the American people will have the strongest country they've ever had!
Americans have confidence again thanks to our BOOMING economy!
Kayleigh McEnany: Team Trump's strong and confident advocate for female equality
"Welcome to Pennsylvania, Sleepy Joe!
Enjoy the Trump economy!"
"The Trump economy is going full speed ahead and hitting milestones few predicted could be achieved. In the first three months of this year, the U.S. economy grew at 3.2 percent annual rate, exceeding expectations."
"President Donald Trump is taking a principled stand against congressional overreach, refusing to allow Democrats to use Congress as a taxpayer-funded opposition research firm for 2020."
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
"Join me LIVE in Green Bay, WI! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Text TRUMP to 88022 for Campaign Updates!"
About to take the stage in Green Bay shortly. Here are some of the GREAT things we are doing for Wisconsin!
Leaving now for Green Bay, Wisconsin - BIG CROWD, will be there shortly! #MAGA
"To the great shock and disappointment of liberals who have been desperately hoping for an economic downturn, the U.S. economy once again blew away expectations, recording a 3.2 percent GDP growth rate in the first quarter of this year."
Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come, maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly, always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"U.S. Economy Grows 3.2% in Q1, Smashing Expectations”
Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Democrats want to confiscate guns from law-abiding citizens. Republicans will continue to protect Second Amendment rights!
Our country has great spirit right now. We are respected all over the world again!
Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2% at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly, inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy Birthday to our amazing First Lady Melania!
Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The NRA is getting stronger & stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!
"When people are twisting words to support bigotry and minimize hateful violence, calling them out for it isn’t “hatred,” but something we should hope to see from any responsible leader."
Can't wait to watch the 2020 Dems try to run against perhaps the BEST economy in American history! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Vice President Mike Pence is an honorable man who is doing a tremendous job for our country. These attacks against him are ridiculous!
Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was “composed” by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats, who had unlimited funds and human resources, the end result was No Collusion, No Obstruction. Amazing!
"GREEN BAY - WHO WILL BE AT MY HUGE MAGA RALLY ON SATURDAY?
Going with a friend? Tag them below! If you don’t have tickets yet, don’t worry! Get your FREE tickets here: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/rallies/apr-gb-wi-2019?utm_medium=web&utm_source=djt_web&utm_content=redbar …
SEE YOU THERE!"
Today, the First Lady and I were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the Country for the 2019 Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit in Atlanta, Georgia! #RxSummit2019
Jared Kushner: Fifteen Lessons I Learned from Criminal-Justice Reform
Illegal alien apprehensions are way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us at the Southern Border. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!
WATCH: A survivor of the Boston Marathon bombing says she disagrees with the 2020 Democrats' plan to allow TERRORISTS to vote in elections.
You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!
Democrats are putting politics over country. It’s time to get SMART at the Southern Border!
Today we have perhaps the greatest economy in American history! But to the Mainstream Media, it means NOTHING. That's OK, thankfully the American people are noticing!
Democrats running in 2020 MUST ANSWER whether or not they support terrorists who have killed Americans voting in our elections!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, April 23rd:
-Participate in a photo opportunity with the White House News Photographers Association award recipients
-Have lunch with the Vice President
-Participate in a swearing-in ceremony of the Secretary of the Interior"
The attack in Sri Lanka, carried out by a radical Islamic militant group, is horrific. This was an attack on Christians and other innocent civilians. Everyone has the right to religious freedom!
Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me (No Collusion, No Obstruction), so you can’t impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes, not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!
Congratulations!
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by John Kerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well, with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!
We will not allow the media to hide the GOOD stories and our many accomplishments!
"Now that Mueller’s report is out, it’s quite clear that it wasn’t worth the price. We’ve spent the past two and a half years obsessing over a half-baked conspiracy theory manufactured by frustrated partisans, and we have nothing to show for it other than the anger and distrust this witch hunt has left in its wake."
The FAKE NEWS refuses to report on the many GREAT things we are doing for our country!
Why didn’t President Obama act when he first heard of Russian interference?
USMCA to add $68.2B to US economy, spur 176k jobs says key independent review panel
The White House "FULLY COOPERATED" with the Special Counsel's investigation.
NO OBSTRUCTION.
"The Special Counsel ""did not find that the Trump campaign or other Americans colluded"" with Russia! 
This was a TOTAL HOAX!"
AG Barr: "The White House fully cooperated with the Special Counsel's investigation"
Presidential Harassment!
The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked, Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.
Just had a wonderful conversation with Pope Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did in my conversation yesterday with President Macron of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!
"In Ivory Coast, Ivanka Trump talks women's rights"
My NUMBER ONE priority is the safety of the American people!
The Notre Dame Cathedral is one of the great treasures of the world. Our thoughts and prayers are with those in Paris!
"Thanks to President Trump’s America First agenda, hope has turned into confidence for business owners and their employees in Minnesota and across the country. Wages are going up, and small business owners like myself are still eager to expand. In fact, small business optimism is now at all-time record levels."
"The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is a WIN for hardworking taxpayers. 
We are seeing GREAT results!"
Happy Tax Day! As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Americans are saving and taking home more money!
I wish everyone a blessed Palm Sunday!
"Attorney General Barr thinks the Obama Administration illegally spied on my campaign!
We NEED answers. FIGHT BACK. Get your ""I Spy Trump"" Tee and Tank NOW! Links below.
Tee: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/i-spy-trump-tee
Tank: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/i-spy-trump-tank"
Today, we honor the birth of the third President of the United States!
"SPY GAMES!
We can't let Democrats and their cronies in the Fake News cover up corruption in the SWAMP!
We must FIGHT BACK and GET ANSWERS. Get your LIMITED EDITION ""I Spy Trump"" Tee and Tank NOW! Links below.
Tee: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/i-spy-trump-tee 
Tank: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/i-spy-trump-tank"
Congressman Scalise last night on Speaker Pelosi's 100 Days as Speaker of the House. A total FAILURE! Democrats must get on board with our GREAT America First agenda!
I look forward to winning in Wisconsin again!
There is a crisis at our Southern Border. Democrats are doing NOTHING to help fix it!
President Obama's Secretary of DHS says "by any measure" there is a crisis on our southern border. Democrats won't ACT. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!
Where will you be November 3, 2020?
Vice President Pence's message to illegitimate Venezuelan Ambassador: "With all due respect, Mr. Ambassador, you shouldn't be here.  You should return to Venezuela and tell Nicolás Maduro that his time is up.  It’s time for him to go."
"The policy agenda of President Trump is replete with underappreciated bipartisan achievements that have broad appeal to the electorate, posing a real threat to the Democrats in 2020."
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, April 11th:
-Meet with the President of the Republic of Korea and Mrs. Kim Jung-sook along with The First Lady
-Participate in an expanded bilateral working lunch with the President of the Republic of Korea
-Greet World War II Veterans"
THANK YOU Texas, I love you!
Polls show that 85% of Americans with PRIVATE health insurance approve of the care they receive. The Radical Democrats want to ELIMINATE your private insurance!
Today, Democrats introduced Medicare for All which would hurt countless American families. They want Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance!
Our GREAT economy is a MAGNET. More and more people are trying to enter illegally because of it!
America is respected and prosperous again. We are WINNING!
"NO COLLUSION. NO OBSTRUCTION.
Attorney General Barr's summary speaks for itself!"
Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the courageous warriors who endured time in enemy hands and returned with honor to their families. Thank you for your tremendous service to our Great Nation!
Grassroots support for my re-election is unprecedented. We are working hard for the American people by putting our country FIRST!
We believe in second chances for ALL Americans. The First Step Act is landmark legislation!
We can NEVER allow Open Borders! Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes. I Will Close the Southern Border if necessary. Our Country is FULL!
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Monday, April 8th:
-Participate in a credentialing ceremony for newly appointed ambassadors to Washington, D.C. 
-Have lunch with the Vice President 
-Receive intelligence briefing  
-Meet with the Secretary of State"
If Democrats run on the Green New Deal, Republicans will win BIG in 2020. Can't wait!
With the Collusion Delusion OVER, it is time for Democrats in Congress to work with Republicans. Democrats must realize we have a country to run!
Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT!
I’ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!
Just arrived in Calexico, California!
This is truly one of the Greatest Political Movements in American History!
The Fake News wants the economy to slow down so badly. We won't let that happen!
"THE COLLUSION DELUSION IS OVER!
For 2 years Robert Mueller was a god to the Democrats. Now they HATE his findings! NO COLLUSION. NO OBSTRUCTION.
Fight back against the Delusional Dems! Buy your LIMITED EDITION ""Collusion Delusion"" tee NOW: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/limited-edition-collusion-delusion-tee"
Democrats are playing political games with national security. There is an undeniable crisis on our southern border and we need to fix it QUICKLY!
WELCOME BACK JOE!
"Foreign policy isn’t usually so black and white. But the contrast between President Trump’s steadfast support for Israel and the festering anti-Semitism within the Democratic Party is truly striking."
Republicans will win BIG in 2020!
U.S. weekly jobless claims have dropped to their lowest level since 1969. Americans are back at work!
"The liberal outrage triggered by Stephen Moore can only mean one thing: He is exactly the type of “growth hawk” we need at the Federal Reserve."
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, April 4th:
-Participate in the White House Opportunity and Revitalization Council Meeting 
-Receive intelligence briefing
-Meet with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China"
I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful HealthCare package that some very talented people are now developing for me & the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better & less expensive alternative to ObamaCare. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!
Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats, until he ruled that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction. Democrats must stop playing games and realize we have a country to run!
The Radical Democrats don't care about our GREAT country. They just want to resist and obstruct our America First agenda!
"Jeh Johnson, who was secretary of the Department of Homeland Security in the Obama administration, said last week that the system cannot handle 1,000 daily apprehensions, let alone tens of thousands. “By anyone’s definition, by any measure,” he says, “we have a crisis on the border.” (In other words, an “emergency.”)"
As a result of my administration's efforts, drug prices experienced their largest decline in 46 years!
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. We will win 2020 in a landslide!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg to the White House!
"Put directly, our border is being overrun. There is indeed a crisis."
"On World Autism Awareness Day we recognize, support, and honor all children and adults with autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
My administration is committed to ensuring that those with ASD enjoy the same opportunities to fulfill their potential that all Americans deserve!"
There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Tuesday, April 2nd:
-Participate in an expanded bilateral meeting with the Secretary General of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
-Participate in the National Republican Congressional Committee Annual Spring Dinner"
So funny that The New York Times & The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So, they were either duped or corrupt? In any event, their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!
"The Democrats don't like Obamacare! If they did, they wouldn't be running on Medicare for All.
The GOP will soon be the party of great healthcare!"
The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest, & they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore, CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW, & Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S. through their country and our Southern Border.
We must DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Adam Schiff is a disgrace to our country. He should resign from Congress!
I have signed an Executive Order protecting Free Speech rights of ALL students on American campuses. This is very important to me and very important to our country!
For TWO years the Fake News lied to you. The Russia story was a total HOAX made up by the Democrats!
The Democrats and their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, do NOT care about the truth. They want to destroy our great movement - but we won't let that happen!
This has been quite a week for America!
According to a new poll, conservative support for the much needed southern border Wall is at 99%. We are building the Wall as we speak!
"Little Pencil-Neck Adam Schiff
He spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking. He should be forced to resign from Congress!
Everyone should buy a Pencil-Neck Adam Schiff shirt today!
BUY Now: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/official-mr-pencil-neck-limited-edition-tee"
I want clean water for Americans. My administration has been making great strides in improving America’s environment for years to come!
"Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of the Promised Land was about equal rights for all, including freedom of assembly, speech and the press. A country that doesn’t protect these basic rights can never enjoy true freedom or justice. I’m proud that President Trump represents these values and took action to defend them."
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Join me LIVE in Grand Rapids, MI! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Text TRUMP to 88022 for Campaign Updates!"
I will be taking the stage in Grand Rapids shortly. We are doing tremendous things for Michigan and the country!
Looking forward to a BIG night in Grand Rapids. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country, but also the car companies, & others, that are pouring back into Michigan!
FBI & DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Thursday, March 28th:
-Receive intelligence briefing
-Meet with the Secretary of State 
-Deliver remarks at a Make America Great Again rally"
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes, Cars, Cows, Oil, Gas & the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
"Today, I posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor to Staff Sergeant Travis W. Atkins for his extraordinary heroism on June 1, 2007. 
Staff Sergeant Atkins' heroic actions, costing him his life, are credited with saving the lives of his fellow soldiers."
It was my honor to welcome Fabiana Rosales, the wife of Venezuela's interim President Juan Guaido, to the White House today. My administration FULLY stands with the Venezuelan people and their quest for democracy and freedom!
It is time for the Democrats to get on board with our GREAT America First agenda!
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them.
My VETO has been upheld after a House vote! This is a National Emergency and the Wall WILL be built!
Thank God for our BRAVE men and women in uniform!
"The Democratic Party’s influence on the biased mainstream media against conservatives is not going over well with American voters."
"No collusion. No obstruction. TOTAL EXONERATION.
Democrats allowed this WITCH HUNT to go on for 2 YEARS. It’s time to show them we’re tired of their PARTISAN investigations.
LIMITED EDITION: Get your WITCH HUNT tee now while supplies last!
BUY now: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/limited-edition-witch-hunt-tee-1"
"The Democrats raised millions off a lie. Now we FIGHT BACK!
Get your LIMITED edition WITCH HUNT Decal while supplies last!
Buy NOW: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/limited-edition-witch-hunt-decal"
My administration fully stands with the GREAT people of Israel!
"The Democrats raised millions off a lie. Now we FIGHT BACK!
Get your LIMITED edition WITCH HUNT Tee while supplies last!
Buy NOW: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/limited-edition-witch-hunt-tee-1"
No collusion and no obstruction. It is a shame that the country had to go through this!
No Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel: “Universities across America take in tens of billions of federal dollars…The president’s executive order is an important step toward enforcing what [they] should have been doing all along: promoting free speech"
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, March 22nd:
-Participate in a working visit with Caribbean leaders along with the First Lady at Mar-a-Lago"
Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. Vice President Pence and I will always stand with these wonderful families, and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay
We believe in free speech, including online and including on campus!
Democrats, don't change the rules because you can't WIN!
Since my election ISIS has lost nearly all of their territory!
"Democrats have a SERIOUS anti-Semitism problem.
They make disgusting remarks about me while MoveOn tells Democrat candidates to boycott AIPAC, which supports our ally Israel. 
They are hitting new lows every day!"
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Thursday, March 21st:
-Participate in a conversation at the Business Roundtable 2019 Q1 Quarterly Meeting
-Participate in an executive order signing and remarks on improving free inquiry, transparency, and accountability on campus"
I am fighting for the people of Ohio and the people of America. Together, we will not lose!
The HATERS said the economy would fail if I won. They were WRONG as always!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, March 20th:
-Receive intelligence briefing
-Tour Lima Army Tank Plant in Lima, OH
-Deliver remarks at Lima Army Tank Plant
-Participate in a roundtable with supporters
-Deliver remarks at a joint fundraising committee reception"
"Money, power and data: Inside Trump's re-election machine"
Social Media Giants continue to silence conservative Americans. We can't have this when there is so much FAKE NEWS. People need to decide what is real and what is not!
The economy is BOOMING under my presidency and voters are taking notice!
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also, very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
While the press doesn’t like writing about it, nor do I need them to, I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400,000.00 to different agencies throughout the year, this to Homeland Security. If I didn’t do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA!
"Facebook abruptly censored the account of President Trump’s chief social media guru, blocking him for simply responding to a question from a reader." #StopTheBias
The Democrats are embracing SOCIALISM. They are radical and divided, unlike our great Republican party!
"There’s a reason why President Trump is becoming more popular in important Midwestern battleground states like Pennsylvania: Voters don’t want to lose the ongoing economic renaissance that is transforming their lives."
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Monday, March 18th:
-Receive briefing on the Economic Report of the President 
-Lunch with the Vice President 
-Receive intelligence briefing 
-Attend the Greek Independence Day Celebration"
God bless the people of Alabama! Our country is stronger than ever and we are ALL standing with you!
The Democrats are mad that I am keeping my promises to the American people!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Because the economy is so good, General Motors must get their Lordstown, Ohio, plant open, maybe in a different form or with a new owner, FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S., others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!
How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters, I guess not so well! In the meantime, the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.
"President Trump just scored a huge win for sportsmen and women by signing a sweeping, bipartisan bill that will dramatically loosen restrictions on hunting and fishing on public lands."
Unlike the last administration, I am taking action to end the Opioid Epidemic once and for all!
"Yet rather than focusing on the fact that the President of the United States cares about Americans...all media could talk about over the weekend’s news cycle was shock and outrage that Trump agreed to sign Bibles at an Alabama church when asked."
Join me for a BIG rally in Grand Rapids, MI on Thursday, March 28th at 7:00 p.m. EDT. RSVP in the link below! Get your tickets NOW!
I just signed a formal VETO of the reckless resolution sent to me by Congress. WE MUST HAVE STRONG BORDERS!
I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime, Human Trafficking, and Drugs entering our Country. Watch, when you get back to your State, they will LOVE you more than ever before!
Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give, we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
"I VETOED the Democrat inspired OPEN BORDERS & Pro-Crime resolution! Let Congress know you agree with me and purchase your ""VETO!"" shirt NOW!
BUY NOW: https://shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/veto-tweet-tee"
My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died, with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, March 15th:
-Meet with national security officials at the Pentagon
-Lunch with the Secretary of State"
Happy National Agriculture Day! We love our Farmers!
A vote against the National Emergency is a vote for OPEN BORDERS!
I am issuing an emergency order grounding all flights of the Boeing 737 MAX 8 & MAX 9 airplanes. Safety is my highest priority!
My 2020 budget request reflects my pledge to promote the interests of American working families!
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security & the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto, if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare, but it can be easily fixed!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Thursday, March 14th:
-Meet with the Prime Minister of Ireland
-Participate in the Friends of Ireland Luncheon at the U.S. Capitol
-Participate in the Shamrock Bowl Presentation at The White House"
The only thing Democrats care about is obstructing and resisting. They refuse to deliver for the AMERICAN PEOPLE!
"In particular, special adviser and first daughter Ivanka Trump has been pushing the policy since the 2016 presidential campaign, and she renewed her efforts after the president mentioned it in his State of the Union address this year."
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Wednesday, March 13th:
-Receive intelligence briefing 
-Receive a briefing on drug trafficking on the Southern Border 
-Meet with Republican Members of the Senate on Trade 
-Participate in a photo opportunity with the 2019 Spring White House Internship Class"
My proposed 2020 budget reflects my commitment to defend the great people of our country!
My budget request promotes responsible Government spending by prioritizing effective programs and eliminating wasteful programs!
My 2020 Federal budget is fiscally responsible and pro-American. More importantly, it will help American families!
I am keeping my promises for the American people!
This week I put AMERICA FIRST and worked to better the lives of our great Veterans. Together, our country's future is unlimited!
"As outlined in its National Security Strategy (NSS), the Trump administration is a strong advocate of the idea that the United States can be a catalyst, by creating conditions for bottom-up positive transformations in other societies rather than by imposing top-down change."
For the first time in many decades, Americans have a president that is standing up for them!
My administration is taking BURDENSOME REGULATIONS off the backs of hard-working American patriots!
My proven record of conservatism has led to MASSIVE support for my re-election by Republicans. Our party is united!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
"The Democratic Party's ill-fated attempt to stop President Donald Trump's emergency declaration calls into question whether liberal politicians in Washington actually care about protecting Americans from violent crime."
Today, we celebrate and honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities, families, governments, and businesses. Happy International Women’s Day!
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
Our economy is RED HOT. We are putting people back to work!
Democrats just blocked Fox News from holding a debate. Good, then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
Today I participated in an American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting. Companies are pouring back into our country at a RECORD level!
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
Republicans must stay united on the VERY IMPORTANT issue of Border Security!
"Our economy is so strong that more than a million American households are no longer dependent on food stamps, and newly employed workers can proudly say that President Donald Trump is the reason they can feed their families without government assistance."
Today I signed an Executive Order to help prevent one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran—I want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
To all those impacted by the tornadoes in Alabama, we are here for you. God bless you all!
Israel should NEVER be treated with such disrespect!
Very soon I will be signing an Executive Order requiring colleges and universities to support Free Speech on their campuses if they want federal research money!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Tuesday, March 5th:
-Participate in a signing ceremony for an Executive Order on a “National Roadmap to Empower Veterans and End Veteran Suicide”"
Socialism is a radical and failing ideology. But the Democrat party is totally embracing it!
It was my great honor to speak at CPAC. This is the future of our historic MOVEMENT!
This week my administration recognized the extraordinary contributions of African Americans to American life and we vowed to help bring freedom back to Venezuela!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Saturday, March 2nd:
-Deliver remarks at the Conservative Political Action Conference"
Despite the radical Democrats and their far-left proposals, America will NEVER be a socialist country!
American women want safety and security for their families. I am delivering on my promise to Make America Safe!
I am not going to sign a deal for the sake of signing a deal. We need an agreement that works and is good for the country!
"President Donald Trump’s “peace through strength” approach has achieved more tangible results in the past two years than all the other efforts combined."
Great news! GDP growth increased by 3.1% year-over-year in 2018 beating expectations for the fourth quarter. This is the largest increase since 2005. America is Back!
Just visited our brave warriors at Elmendorf Air Force Base in beautiful Anchorage, Alaska. Thank you!
Thank you for the hospitality, Vietnam!
I look forward to continuing my dialogue with Chairman Kim at the rest of our summit!
Vietnam is one of the fastest growing economies in the world. North Korea has the same wonderful potential for economic success!
Big trade deal signed with the country of Vietnam. Another huge win for America!
"The setting of President Trump’s second summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un offers a symbolic reminder of how much the two leaders can accomplish."
"The automaker says it will hire 6,500 workers and invest $4.5 billion by adding a new assembly plant in Detroit and boosting production at five existing factories."
Senate Democrats voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth. This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress.
It is my honor to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children.
We are achieving extraordinary prosperity in the U.S. as a result of putting AMERICA First!
At the end of the last administration we were heading for a total disaster with North Korea! Today we have a much different situation.
We will be having "A Salute To America" gathering on July 4th in Washington, D.C. at the Lincoln Memorial. Hold the date!
I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection, technology transfer, agriculture, services, currency, and many other issues. As a result of these very productive talks, I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. & China!
I will VETO any resolution from Congress that does not allow the U.S. to have strong borders!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Monday, February 25th:
-Participate in 2019 White House Business Session with Our Nation’s Governors
-Depart Washington, D.C. en route to Hanoi, Vietnam"
For the first time, in a very long time, our country is WINNING again!
"Anti-conservative censorship online has gone from bad to worse. As major social media platforms start to target me for censorship, I shudder to think what it means for millions of other Americans, especially as we approach the 2020 presidential campaign."
MAGA!
Our economy is one of the best in history. We are doing tremendous things for American families and businesses!
The Fake News Media intentionally demeans the great work we are doing for the country. We will not let it get in the way of our success!
"As the race for the Democratic presidential nomination heats up, the candidates have engaged in an escalating competition to claim the most radical policy agenda."
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, February 22nd:
-Meet with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China
-Deliver Remarks at the Republican Governors Association event"
'Medicare for All' would be a total disaster for our country!
"For the latest news from my campaign, subscribe to the Donald J. Trump for President podcast now!
Get it on iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/donald-j-trump-for-president/id1446455762
Get it on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/show/3nyFqXR9pv5U5h2sVc0t7N
Get it on Google Play: https://play.google.com/music/listen?u=0#/ps/Ivd3es5lohyatzo5rsqenyzks3q"
America is winning because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Wednesday, February 20th:
-Lunch with the Secretary of State
-Bilateral meeting with the Federal Chancellor of the Republic of Austria"
Today, I signed a directive that brought America one step closer to establishing a Space Force. The Space Force will keep Americans safe and protect the interests of our great nation!
Socialism has failed in Venezuela. We must never allow socialism in America!
"President Trump supports the people of #Venezuela and stands shoulder-to-shoulder with those in search of #Democracy and #Freedom in #Venezuela — like the mother of #ÓscarPerez. 
Senior Advisor John Pence habla del gran discurso de Presidente Trump, en Español:"
America will NEVER be a socialist country. Obstructionist Democrats will not have it their way!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Monday, February 18th:
-Deliver remarks to the Venezuelan American community"
Ivanka Trump women’s initiative a step toward ‘America First’ foreign policy.
Angel Moms have been with me since the beginning of my campaign. They understand the danger of open borders.
Protection for American families is my highest priority. Walls work and will keep us safe!
This was a week of Making America Safe and Making America Prosperous!
Today, I announced a National Emergency to help secure and control our southern border. This is a National Security crisis and I am solving it quickly!
Twitter, Facebook and Google are not for "free expression." They are totally biased in favor of Democrats!
"President Donald J. Trump's schedule for Friday, February 15th:
· Deliver remarks on the national security and humanitarian crisis at 
   our southern border
· Receive intelligence briefing"
"Join me LIVE in El Paso, TX! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Text TRUMP to 88022 for Campaign Updates!"
These are ordinary Americans, not Washington politicians, who have seen first-hand how a border wall brought safety and security back to their community.
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 27 & 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim & advancing the cause of peace!
My agenda is the agenda of the American people. This is OUR movement, and together, WE are making America GREAT again!🇺🇸
There is no limit to what we can achieve when we put our citizens first, reject politics, and choose compromise!
We must choose between GREATNESS or gridlock.
We stand with the people of Venezuela and we resolve that America will NEVER be a socialist country.
So many Americans AGREE with our vision of American greatness!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Thursday, February 7th:
· 2019 National Prayer Breakfast
· Lunch with the Secretary of State
· National Security Presidential Memorandum Signing to Launch the “Women’s Global Development and Prosperity” Initiative"
Where walls go up, illegal crossings go way down. Walls WORK and walls SAVE LIVES!
Victory is WINNING for our COUNTRY.🇺🇸
The decision is OURS to make.
LIVE: President Trump's State of The Union
LIVE: President Trump's State of the Union Address
Looking forward to tonight! #SOTU
"By the end of next year, NATO allies will add $100 billion extra toward defense...President Donald Trump is having an impact.”
This is an invasion of our country. We need a WALL!
Nancy Pelosi doesn’t want to give proper border security for political reasons. She's doing a terrible disservice to the people of our country!
Our economy is exceeding expectations – unprecedented job growth, historically low unemployment, and rising wages. MAGA!
Tomorrow night I will address the nation, sharing my vision for a safer, stronger, and more prosperous America!
Tune in to hear how I am fighting for you!
Only through UNITY can we deliver for the people we were elected to serve!
As one team, one people, and one American family, we can accomplish ANYTHING.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
America First doesn’t mean America alone. Venezuela, we are with you!
The media continue to prove themselves as the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Now more than ever, we need a WALL!
"The media tries to make it look like I am against ""intelligence."" I am not!
""Questioning of the CIA and other intelligence agency assessments is precisely what a prudent leader should do before making critical decisions affecting our national security."""
It's time to put AMERICA FIRST!
"When I took the Oath of Office, I swore to protect our country. And that is what I will always do.
Help Build The Wall: Text ""WALL"" to 88022."
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168. There are at least 25,772,342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000,000 that have been reported for years, in our country. So ridiculous!
After all that I have done, does anybody really think I won’t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
New poll! Voters in vulnerable Democrat districts “support the president’s position on border security," NOT Speaker Pelosi's.
"The United States has a GREAT economic story to tell. 
Number one in the world, by far!"
African American, Asian American, and Hispanic American unemployment rates have reached RECORD LOWS!
"Estamos con ustedes, Venezuela. Con el gran liderazgo de nuestros aliados, el Presidente Trump y el Vicepresidente Pence hemos enviado una señal clara ––estamos con ustedes y tendrán la posibilidad de restaurar la libertad y la democracía en Venezuela de nuevamente.
We are with you, Venezuela, With fearless leadership and together with our allies, President Trump and Vice-President Pence have sent a clear signal to the people of Venezuela––we are with you, and you now have the ability to restore freedom and democracy once again in Venezuela.
#ElMundoConVzla"
Many disagree, but I really feel that working with Democrats and Republicans, we can make a truly GREAT and SECURE deal happen for everyone.
"Let me be very clear: We have no choice but to build a powerful wall or steel barrier.
If we don’t get a fair deal from Congress, the government will either shut down on February 15th, again, or I will use the powers afforded to me under the laws and the Constitution of the United States to address this emergency."
In a short while, I will sign a bill to open our Government for three weeks until February 15th. I will make sure that all employees receive their back pay very quickly.
Democrats – stop playing games and give Americans the GREAT border security they deserve!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Friday, January 25th:
· Lunch with the Secretary of State
· Discussion on economic growth with our Nation’s mayors
· Roundtable with Hispanic pastors"
If we ever let the Radical Left control our borders, we would have crime, drugs, and human trafficking like we have never seen before in the HISTORY of our country!
My poll numbers have gone way up with Hispanics. That is because they know the border issue better than anyone, and they want security!
"“The fact that President Trump has been able to achieve so much of his agenda despite the coordinated campaign to defy him is astounding.” 
So true. We've accomplished the unthinkable and we're still WINNING despite constant attacks!"
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear, that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth, we are all created equal by God. https://bit.ly/2RUJNPO
Two years ago today, I promised: “Our country will THRIVE and PROSPER again.” We’re bringing back our jobs, securing our borders, restoring our wealth, and WINNING like never before. The forgotten men and women are no longer forgotten!🇺🇸
"Diamond And Silk have a message for Democrats and the media: 
""The American people aren’t blind, when we look at the mess on our southern border, we see it for what it is: A CRISIS."""
"I made a pledge to Angel Families, and to all Americans, to fix our broken immigration system. I will not stop fighting until our borders are safe and secure! 
Tell Nancy you want the wall: https://bit.ly/2FLsmdN"
"As a mother who lost her child at the hands of failed immigration policies, I know just how important border security is to American families.” - Marie Vega, Angel Mom
I will never, EVER back down.
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Friday, January 18th:
· Meeting with Secretary of the Treasury"
Our goal is simple: to ensure that we can DETECT and DESTROY any missile launched against the United States—anywhere, anytime, anyplace.
If we don’t defend our borders, then we cease to be a nation.
We must have border security – not for political purposes, but for our COUNTRY and for the SAFETY of our communities.
This is the reason why Democrats don’t want the wall: they all know it WORKS!
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Wednesday, January 16th:
· Meeting with Problem Solvers Caucus
· Lunch with Secretary of State
· Signing ceremony for S. 24, “Government Employee Fair Treatment Act of 2019”"
Working hard!
The crisis of illegal immigration impacts ALL Americans.
Democrats used to support funding for border security, but now they've changed their minds. POLITICS!
Volkswagen will be investing $800 million to build electric cars in the U.S. Congratulations to Chattanooga, Tennessee. A BIG WIN!
There is a massive humanitarian crisis at our southern border – even 71% of Democrats agree. You need GREAT border security!
Ending the border crisis with a barrier or border wall that is PROVEN to work is just common sense!
The Fake News Media keeps saying we haven’t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high, strong and beautiful! Also, many miles already renovated and in service!
"In life, there are certain principles worth fighting for – principles that are more important than politics, party, or personal convenience...
The safety and security and sovereignty of the United States is the most important principle of all."
"President Donald J. Trump’s schedule for Friday, January 11th:
· Roundtable discussion on border security and safe communities with State, local, and community leaders"
"The American people want border security, not continued obstructionism. If the Democrats truly care about border security, they should immediately fund the border wall." - Dan Bongino
BUILD THE WALL!
‪President Obama, thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along!‬
Our country is doing so well in so many ways – great jobs numbers, rebuilding our military, taking care of veterans, strong economy, historic tax cuts, slashed regulations, and great trade deals. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
The Border Wall would very quickly PAY FOR ITSELF. The cost of illegal drugs exceeds $500 billion dollars a year – vastly more than the $5.7 billion dollars we have requested from Congress.
America First, always.
To every Member of Congress: pass a bill that ends this crisis. To every citizen: call Congress and tell them to finally – after all of these decades – SECURE OUR BORDER.
"What’s more important to the Democrats? Stopping me from fulfilling another one of my promises, or working together to secure the border?
Americans want border security!"
Illegal immigration costs our nation $275 BILLION a year, MILLIONS of jobs, and THOUSANDS of innocent lives. What is it going to take to finally secure our border?
We created more than a quarter-million jobs last month. Employers are showing great confidence in our economy despite all the negativity coming from anti-Trump economic “experts!"
We are now planning a steel barrier rather than concrete. Stronger, less obtrusive, and made in the U.S.A.
Think of this: Democrats want $12 billion in addition to the $54 billion we give in foreign aid, but they won’t approve $5.6 billion for a wall.
We ended 2018 STRONG - best year for job creation since 2015!
JOBS JOBS JOBS!
We're in a shutdown because Democrats are worried about the 2020 presidential election. They know they can’t win so they are going all out on the desperately needed wall and border security. PURELY POLITICS!
"Democrats’ immigration policies are reckless and extreme. They want totally open borders, which means drugs and crime will pour into our country. 
We need a STRONG and SECURE Southern Border!"
"MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election" True!
"Join me LIVE in Biloxi, MS! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Stay up-to-date with the campaign by texting TRUMP to 88022"
"Join me LIVE in Tupelo, MS! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Stay up-to-date with the campaign by texting TRUMP to 88022"
"Today is Election Day and the stakes could not be higher. EVERYTHING that we have created and achieved is at stake.
Go vote to STOP the radical Democrat agenda and continue our MOVEMENT to Make America Great Again! vote.gop.com"
"We've come so far. Huge economic gains, lowest unemployment in nearly 50 years, and more Americans working than ever before in our HISTORY.
If the radical Democrats take power, they will take a giant wrecking ball to the economy and the future of our country!"
For two years we’ve been DRAINING THE SWAMP and bringing back so much of America’s lost greatness! Today, the choice is simple: VOTE REPUBLICAN!
"With only hours until Election Day, we want voters to know that Republicans will deliver on the issues that matter most. 
""If you like low taxes, vote Republican. If you want a real solution to the healthcare crisis, vote Republican. If you want to solve the crisis of illegal immigration, VOTE REPUBLICAN.""  - Harlan Z. Hill"
"Join me LIVE in Cape Girardeau, MO! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Find your polling location @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
"Join me LIVE in Cape Girardeau, MO! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Find your polling location @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
"Election Day is TOMORROW and the RIGHT CHOICE could not be any clearer:
- Republicans want SECURE borders. Democrats want WIDE OPEN borders.
- Republicans create JOBS. Democrats create MOBS.
- Republicans want to LOWER your taxes. Democrats want to RAISE them.
It's up to you. VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!➡️ bit.ly/2OrehT"
"Join me LIVE in Fort Wayne, IN! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Find your polling location @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
I need strong leaders in Congress like Mike Bishop who will help fulfill my America First agenda, NOT liberal politicians who are funded by Nancy Pelosi! Michigan must VOTE BISHOP tomorrow!
"Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice.
A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Democrats is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden, screeching halt. Vote Mike DeWine!"
This election is a choice between Republican RESULTS and radical RESISTANCE. Vote against the radical resistance Democrats! vote.gop.com
This will be the election of Kavanaugh, the caravans, law and order, tax cuts, and common sense. VOTE REPUBLICAN FOR COMMON SENSE! vote.gop.com
"LATINOS POR TRUMP VOTEN REPUBLICANO
Senior Advisory John Pence and RNC Hispanic Spokesperson Yali Nunez discuss why Latinos support President Trump and plan to vote REPUBLICAN on Tuesday.
Discuten la importancia del apoyo al presidente y el voto republicano para este Martes.
En Español with English subtitles"
"Join me LIVE in Chattanooga, TN! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
SIGN UP TO VOTE @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
"Join me LIVE in Macon, GA! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
SIGN UP TO VOTE @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
"I’m traveling all across the country fighting to PROTECT and CONTINUE the incredible progress we’ve made under Republican leadership!  
I need your vote. America needs your vote. Go vote Republican in 4 days! vote.gop.com"
"Join me LIVE in Pensacola, FL! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
SIGN UP TO VOTE @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
Every week we are delivering results, and we will continue delivering results as long as we have REPUBLICAN leadership. vote.gop.com
"Join me LIVE in Indianapolis, IN! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
SIGN UP TO VOTE @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
"Join me LIVE in Indianapolis, IN! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
SIGN UP TO VOTE @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
So much SPIRIT! See you soon, Indiana! #MAGA🇺🇸
"Fantastic #MAGA Rally in West Virginia. Thank you! Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick Morrisey and Carol Miller!
SIGN UP TO VOTE at vote.donaldjtrump.com"
I love our country and I’m fighting for our country. We have to take care of AMERICA first!
"Join me LIVE in Columbia, MO! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
SIGN UP TO VOTE @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
With 6 days to go until the midterms, it's DECISION TIME. We brought in Diamond And Silk to break down what both parties have to offer so you can make the RIGHT choice on Election Day!
It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our country. Vote Republican now! vote.donaldjtrump.com
"Join me LIVE in Fort Myers, FL! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
SIGN UP TO VOTE at vote.donaldjtrump.com"
First Lady Melania Trump and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite – Disgraceful!
I’m very proud that my administration is filled with so many women of such incredible talent, including my daughter Ivanka. Together, we’re making great progress to ensure that America is a place where women can work, succeed, and thrive like never before!
"“¿Por qué Republicano?
Campaign Senior Advisor John Pence interviews business and community leader Orlando Salazar on the economy and why Hispanics and Latinos should vote Republican on November 6th.  
En ESPAÑOL with English subtitles. 
VOTEN REPUBLICANO EN NOVIEMBRE"
Entrepreneurs like Rick Harrison will tell you: Our booming economy is reason enough to vote GOP. We MUST get out and vote Republican to keep it going! vote.donaldjtrump.com
"“Things are getting better. We need to continue to vote Republican.” - Brad Parscale
vote.donaldjtrump.com"
Vote Republican to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and continue making America GREAT again!
"Voters must choose the right future on Election Day, and that means choosing Republican. 
SHARE NOW: The great American comeback has begun – it's up to you to make sure it continues. vote.donaldjtrump.com"
"Join me LIVE in Murphysboro, IL! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
SIGN UP TO VOTE @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
"Join me LIVE in Charlotte, NC! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
SIGN UP TO VOTE @ vote.donaldjtrump.com"
A vote for Republicans is a vote for more JOBS, more WEALTH, and more products made right here in the USA!🇺🇸
Don’t be complacent. There’s no reason to lose when we have the greatest economy in the history of our country. GO VOTE! vote.donaldjtrump.com
The Mainstream Media must clean up their act, FAST!
Don't forget – Republicans gave you the BIGGEST tax cut in the history of our country!
Join me LIVE in Mosinee, WI! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
‪The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Secret Service...‬
A vote for Ross Spano in FL-15 is a vote for more jobs and bigger paychecks for Florida families! It’s also a vote for a leader who will stand up for our AMERICA FIRST agenda! Vote Spano on Nov. 6th!
"I agree with President Obama 100%!
""We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked..."""
If Democrats take control of Congress on November 6th, they will try to plunge our country into a nightmare of gridlock, poverty, and CHAOS! Www.Vote.GOP
Herman Cain and I know that RESULTS matter. If you want leadership that will continue to deliver results for years to come, vote Republican in November!
Diane Harkey is an extraordinary woman running for Congress in California’s 49th Congressional District. Diane stands for American values that Californians have been denied for far too long! She will be SPECTACULAR! Vote for Diane on Nov. 6th!
The Democrats don't care that a flood of illegal immigration is going to totally bankrupt our country... all they care about is power!
Join me LIVE in Houston, TX! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
With only 15 DAYS until Election Day, the choice for every American could not be more clear: Democrats produce mobs. Republicans produce JOBS. www.Vote.GOP
Texas is big and so will the turnout be for our MAGA rally TONIGHT!
Wow! So much enthusiasm last night in Houston. It's going to be a BIG night in Texas!
Under Republican leadership, America is booming, thriving, and winning again! VOTE Republican on Nov. 6th!
The Democrats care more about having power than doing what’s right for the country. I need you to vote for JOBS, not mobs!
Join me LIVE in Mesa, AZ! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
The platform of the Democrat party is RADICAL SOCIALISM and OPEN BORDERS!
We have the dumbest immigration laws in the world. We need more Republicans so we can put in STRONG, commonsense immigration policies!
Join me LIVE in Missoula, MT! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Our economy is doing better than ever and the mainstream media won't even talk about it!
Think about the extraordinary achievements that we’ve made in less than two years with Republican leadership. This incredible progress must continue!
The assault on our country at our southern border, including the criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, MUST STOP. We need the wall and we will FINISH THE WALL!
The Democrats want to turn America into one giant sanctuary city. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding AMERICANS!
For the first time in many decades, we are witnessing a phenomenon. It’s called AMERICA FIRST!
"They say the party that holds the White House doesn’t do well in the midterms, but we can prove history wrong if EVERY Republican gets out and votes just like we did when we WON in 2016!
Do not be complacent! vote.donaldjtrump.com"
You can either vote for Democrat MOB RULE or you can vote for a Republican Party that stands proudly for law and order, fairness, freedom, and justice!
Democrats have become the party of crime. We are the party of SAFETY, and we are the party of JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Right now, you have a champion FIGHTING for you in the White House. But I need your help this Election Day, November 6th, to STOP the radical Democrat MOB from trying to take it away!
"I cannot stress how important it is that you vote Republican to keep American business BOOMING. If the Democrats gain control, all of the progress we've made will come to a screeching halt!
As MyPillow's Mike Lindell says, ""we've come so far, we don't want to go in reverse."""
Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with First Lady Melania Trump to tour the hurricane damage. Everyone is working hard – we will pull through!
This was another truly historic week for our country!
Join me LIVE in Richmond, KY! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
When you look at the unemployment numbers, the poverty levels, the median income, you see communities being lifted up all across America. Kanye sees it! Dr. Darrell Scott sees it! Wake up America!
Join me LIVE in Lebanon, OH! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
In 25 days, we will stand up against the angry MOB and VOTE REPUBLICAN! vote.donaldjtrump.com
I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit – we are with you!
The Democrats are extreme, unhinged, and dangerous. If they take back Congress this fall, that will be the END of our great American comeback. Vote for the #MAGA agenda!
Join me LIVE in Erie, PA! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Federal resources are on the ground. We are absolutely ready.
"In less than four weeks, you will head to the polls in one of the most important congressional elections of our lifetime...VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
vote.donaldjtrump.com"
Beautiful evening in Iowa. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!🇺🇸
Join me LIVE in Council Bluffs, IA! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Historic evening last night at The White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and the Kavanaugh family. Our country is very proud of them!
The USMCA is a great deal for our country and great for our workers. More than anything else, it means far more AMERICAN JOBS!
"This election is a choice between a Republican Party that is BUILDING our future and a Democrat Party that is trying to BURN our future down.
For Campaign Updates: Text TRUMP to 88022."
Tonight in the East Room of the White House, we will perform the swearing-in ceremony for soon-to-be Justice Kavanaugh.
“It’s heartbreaking to see the devastation and destruction in person. The selfless actions of relief workers is awe-inspiring, but the charities and nonprofits on the front lines of this crisis need our support and prayers more than ever.” - Lara Trump
Join me LIVE in Topeka, KS! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
This is a very important time in our country. In just over one month, Americans will determine whether or not we continue making our country great!
The Democrats’ politics of destruction was on full display this week. With the midterms just around the corner, we cannot allow the destruction of the Democrats to rule the swamp!
Join me LIVE in Rochester, MN! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Remember when President Obama said, "You need a magic wand?” You don't need a magic wand. You need proper policies.
Join me LIVE in Southaven, MS! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Democrats have been trying to stop Brett Kavanaugh since before he was even announced. They only know how to obstruct, destroy, and delay!
My policies are lifting up ALL Americans, and I’m working with great leaders like Dr. Alveda King to get the job done!
HUGE crowd last night in Tennessee! The #MAGA movement is strong!
African-American unemployment just reached the lowest level ever recorded. After years of TALK from Democrats, Republicans are delivering like never before!
Join me LIVE in Johnson City, TN! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Throughout the campaign, I promised to renegotiate NAFTA, and today we have kept that promise.
A vote to confirm Judge Kavanaugh is a vote to REJECT the ruthless and outrageous tactics of the Democrat party!
Democrats are determined to take back power by using any means necessary. The closer we get to the midterms, the more desperate they get!
Join me LIVE in Wheeling, WV! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
In everything we do, we are standing up for AMERICA and for the American people.
WE won because YOU voted to Make America Great Again. You rejected the Democrats’ failed globalist agenda and chose to put AMERICA FIRST!
Our biggest obstacle is the Democrat's greatest ally – the Fake News Media. Look what they’re doing to our country!
The only long-term solution to the migration crisis is to help people build more hopeful futures in their home countries. Make their countries GREAT again!
America will never apologize for PROTECTING its citizens!
America is governed by Americans. We REJECT the ideology of globalism, and we EMBRACE the doctrine of patriotism.➡️ http://45.wh.gov/LeUYsH
"In America we celebrate our heroes, we treasure our traditions, and we LOVE our country.
Inside everyone listening all around the globe, there is the heart of a patriot that feels the same powerful love their nation, the same intense loyalty to their homeland."
The United States will not tell you how to live or work or worship.  We only ask that you honor our sovereignty in return.
REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS! vote.donaldjtrump.com
We cannot be complacent. We need every single Republican to get out and VOTE! vote.donaldjtrump.com
Today, we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together.
For the first time in many years, U.S. wages are up. Now you’re working hard but you’re making more money!
"Jobless claims just hit a 50-year low, the stock market just hit another ALL-TIME HIGH, and we are now the LARGEST producer of energy in the entire world!
For Campaign Updates: Text TRUMP to 88022."
Carol Miller will be the next House member from West Virginia's 3rd Congressional District! She's pro-coal, pro-2nd Amendment, and pro-Trump! VOTE Miller this November! vote.donaldjtrump.com
"We had a BIG week – visiting with victims of Hurricane Florence, honoring our great veterans, celebrating Hispanic-Americans, and two massive rallies!
For Campaign Updates: Text TRUMP to 88022."
Join me LIVE in Springfield, MO! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Cindy Hyde-Smith has voted for our agenda in the Senate 100% of the time. She has my complete and total endorsement! We need Cindy to WIN in Mississippi! vote.donaldjtrump.com
Throughout American history, the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country, making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we honor all American Prisoners of War: http://45.wh.gov/y6Vs5D
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left-wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers, they just want to destroy and delay. Facts don’t matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.
"America is WINNING again!
#TextTRUMPto88022"
Join me LIVE in Las Vegas, NV! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Incredible work is being done in the ongoing fight against Hurricane Florence. The Democrats will say otherwise, but the people of North Carolina and South Carolina know that whatever they need, WE ARE THERE!
For many years, countries have been taking advantage of the United States on trade. That’s not happening anymore – we’re changing things and we’re changing them FAST!
I’ll be in Nevada tonight where it’s critical that we re-elect Dean Heller to the U.S. Senate. Vote Heller on November 6th to keep our economy BOOMING! vote.donaldjtrump.com
Steel is BACK in a VERY BIG way. Billions of dollars are being spent on new plants all over the country!
Our agenda is on the line. We MUST flip Nevada’s 3rd Congressional District back to the Republicans! VOTE Danny Tarkanian on November 6th! vote.donaldjtrump.com
We’re making tremendous progress with respect to North Korea. We’ve gotten our prisoners back, we’re getting our remains back, and very importantly, no missile testing and no nuclear testing.
I want to thank all of the incredible men and women who have done such great work on Hurricane Florence. We will not rest until the job is done!
More than 100 companies have committed to training more than 4.2 million AMERICAN workers for AMERICAN jobs. Thank you to our “National Council for the American Worker!"
Thank you to our great U.S. Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved!
We’re doing everything we can to support response efforts following Hurricane Florence. We will finish strong!
"Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone suffering through the devastation of Hurricane Florence. We encourage our fellow Americans to support emergency relief efforts through the following organizations:
· American Red Cross: https://rdcrss.org/2x4R8zQ 
· The Salvation Army: https://bit.ly/2x7qs1i 
· Samaritan’s Purse: https://sampur.se/2D6UnwL 
· ASPCA: https://bit.ly/2MvCJCo 
· The Humane Society: https://bit.ly/2xh4Wb4"
We must remain vigilant to keep America SAFE.
Residents in the path of these devastating storms should comply with all evacuation orders and other emergency instructions. God bless everybody, and be careful.
My administration is in close coordination with state and local authorities regarding the incoming hurricane. We are ready to help all Americans affected by this crisis and will stay as long as it takes to get the job done!
“Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” And will continue to rise – unless the Democrats get in and destroy what we have built.
Why are the Democrats filled with so much hate when we have perhaps the best economy in the history of our country? Our triumphs drive them CRAZY!
More than 4 million jobs created since the election, more Americans now employed than ever recorded in history, wages growing at the fastest pace in nearly a decade, and GDP up 4.2%. We have just begun!
Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!
As Commander-in-Chief, I will always do everything in my power to prevent terrorists from striking American soil.
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE! https://www.ready.gov/
"We grieve together for every mother and father, sister and brother, son and daughter, who was stolen from us at the Twin Towers, the Pentagon, and here in this Pennsylvania field. 
We honor their sacrifice by pledging to never flinch in the face of evil, and to do whatever it takes to keep America safe."
17 years since September 11th. We will never forget.
Economic growth is on fire! But if we don’t win in the midterms, Democrats will reverse all of the incredible progress we’ve made.  We can’t let that happen!
The Left is going crazy because their horrible ideas have been rejected by the American people. This will drive even more Americans to vote Republican in the midterm elections!
America is WINNING again and America is being RESPECTED again.
Join me LIVE in Billings, MT! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
We’re ahead of schedule. We’re making America great again faster than anyone thought possible! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
The Failing New York Times!
The Democrats will build walls in other countries, but over here, they let everybody pour in and don't worry about the crime. Total DISGRACE!
Every day, Democrats are RESISTING the will of the American people and trying to undermine the verdict of our democracy, delivered so strongly in 2016 – because their ideas have been REJECTED!
What we have done together has started one of the greatest REVOLUTIONS that has ever taken place in our country.
This is an incredible time for your country — BEST economy, factories reopening, and jobs pouring back!
In honor of hard-working Americans like YOU, we’re doing 40% off ALL merchandise. Use code JOBS→ https://goo.gl/NE8V2y
Just this week, we made another truly historic announcement: We are replacing NAFTA with a beautiful, brand new U.S.-Mexico trade deal.
The “experts” are doubting us once again. Let’s prove them wrong AGAIN and deliver a big RED WAVE in November!
Our MOVEMENT to Make America Great Again continues!🇺🇸
Join me LIVE in Evansville, IN! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Google is controlling what you can and cannot see. Stop the bias!
Conservative voices are being suppressed by Google and many others. They have it RIGGED so that almost all stories and news are BAD. This is a very serious, very unfair situation – will be addressed!
Democrats want to abolish the brave men and women of ICE. I want to abolish the killers in ISIS!
While Democrats play the race card, we play the Trump card. And we WIN, WIN, WIN!
We are doing better as a country than we have ever done before!
We have a booming economy and military might. PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH is WORKING!
This is a big day for trade, and a big day for our country.
Our economy is the strongest it has EVER been in the history of our country. Just take a look at the numbers!
Watch this week’s REAL news to learn how I am fighting for you like no president ever has before!
While we're busy making America great again, Democrats are working overtime to bring America down. They are NO match for my great supporters!
The Democrat Party is held hostage by the RESISTANCE: left-wing haters and angry mobs. They’re trying to tear down our great country — but we’re not letting it happen!
Who is more likely to be treasonous? Your democratically elected president, or RESISTANCE hypocrites who reject American democracy? Resistance!
I don’t think anyone has ever done what WE have done in such a short amount of time. A-PLUS!
The FAKE news is the real enemy of the people.
This November you can either vote for the party that says “America was never great,” or you can vote proudly for AMERICA — the greatest country in the world!
We have almost 400 people in our administration that have been waiting over a year to get approved. This has never happened before in the history of our country. TOTAL DISGRACE!
Do we want to continue the amazing progress we’ve made for America, or do we want to surrender that progress to the forces of extremism and obstruction?
Join me LIVE in Charleston, WV! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
To the men and women of ICE and Customs and Border Protection: We love you, we support you, and we will always have your back.
It's finally time to rebuild OUR country. AMERICA FIRST!
If we want to keep our economy booming then we must elect more Republicans in November! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's called AMERICA FIRST. We're standing up for our military, re-asserting our leadership in space, and setting economic records like never before.
Ask anyone who knows me, they will tell you that I am about opportunity for ALL. I want every American to be able to achieve the AMERICAN DREAM!
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa!
Thank you to the many Americans who are standing up for the TRUTH. When you make your voice heard, you help the #MAGA movement!
The new Democrat socialist agenda would reverse all of the progress we’ve made. VOTE REPUBLICAN if you want to keep lower taxes, low unemployment, fewer regulations, and a booming economy!
4 million jobs have been created since Election Day. More Americans are now employed than ever recorded before in history...Nobody would have ever believed it!
No matter what the Angry Democrats or Fake News media say, our MOVEMENT can’t be stopped! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We have the strongest economy in the history of our nation and the best jobs market. This is the TRUMP BOOM!
While the Democrats openly embrace socialism and violence against Republicans, I embrace FREEDOM and OPPORTUNITY for ALL Americans!
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!
If we want to keep winning and continue all the incredible progress we’ve made, then there’s only one thing to do: KEEP FIGHTING!
I promised powerful sanctions on Iran, and when I make promises, I keep them.
RED WAVE!
We always PROUDLY stand for the National Anthem!
Congressman Ron DeSantis has my full endorsement! He loves our country and is a true FIGHTER. He would make a GREAT governor of Florida! VOTE DeSantis on August 28th!
YOU are the elite and you are no longer forgotten!
The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House seats, yet if you listen to the Fake News media you would think we are being clobbered!
We’re taking back our wealth, we’re taking back our jobs, and our companies are coming back, because this is where the action is!
America's economic surrender ENDED the day that I took office!
Last week, U.S. Korean War remains were returned to American soil during a beautiful ceremony with Vice President Mike Pence. These fallen heroes will never be forgotten.
Now that we have the best economy in the history of our country, this is the time to straighten out the WORST trade deals ever made. We can do much better!
Kris Kobach, a strong and early supporter of mine, is running for governor of Kansas.  He is a fantastic guy who loves his state and our country - he will be a GREAT governor and has my full endorsement! VOTE TODAY!
Forget the blue wave. There can be a RED WAVE in November – but you have to get out and vote!
Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. Our market is STRONGER than ever and will go up dramatically when these horrible trade deals are successfully renegotiated. We're going to make our country richer than it has EVER been!
Liberal Democrats are working overtime to obstruct the confirmation of my incredibly qualified Supreme Court nominee. NOT HAPPENING! There is no one in America more qualified for this position than Brett Kavanaugh!
John James is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan. He is SPECTACULAR! Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential! VOTE John James on August 7th!
Join me LIVE in Lewis Center, OH! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
"A recent poll of Nevada small business owners found that 87% of those surveyed believe Nevada’s economy is headed in the right direction — the HIGHEST EVER.”→ https://bit.ly/2LKVqX0
Support America's GREAT, hard-working farmers with our new 'Make Our Farmers Great Again' hat! https://bit.ly/2Md8rF1
Together, we are leading the greatest movement in the HISTORY of our country!
America is WINNING like never before with millions of new jobs and pay raises that are delivering benefits directly to American families. The American Dream is back!
The world is witnessing the resurgence of a STRONG and PROSPEROUS America!
Red-state Democrats pretend to support my agenda but they vote with liberal Chuck Schumer. These vulnerable Senators must side with THE PEOPLE and CONFIRM Kavanaugh!
We are RESPECTED again!
We will never give up, we will never give in, we will never, ever back down, and we will never, ever surrender — because we are Americans and our hearts bleed RED, WHITE, and BLUE.
Join me LIVE in Wilkes-Barre, PA! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
"If you want safety,
If you want borders,
If you want to have a country,
You have to VOTE REPUBLICAN!"
Instead of apologizing for America, which we always do, we are finally standing up for our GREAT country!
We are not going to be a puppet any longer. My only special interest is YOU, the citizens of the United States!
The Fake News Washington Post actually published a piece titled, “It’s Not Wrong to Compare Trump’s America to the Holocaust.” This is OFFENSIVE and WRONG!
Just last week, it was announced that the U.S. economy grew at 4.1%. We are setting records like never before! We are RESPECTED again!
I'm not just fighting to stop China's unfair trade practices, I'm fighting to secure a BRIGHT economic future for America!→ https://fxn.ws/2uZnWtG
Join me LIVE in Tampa, FL! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Border security is national security, and national security is the long-term viability of our country. A government shutdown is a very small price to pay for a SAFE and PROSPEROUS America!
This is why we need BORDER SECURITY!⬇️
Together, we are building a SAFE, STRONG, and PROUD America.
The Democrats’ strategy of all talk, no action won’t work. Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie know that WINNING means delivering RESULTS! That’s what I’m doing!
The corrupt media has DESTROYED what little credibility they had. AMERICA DESERVES BETTER!
We’ve made incredible progress, but we’re not done yet. Republicans must WIN BIG in November to continue the #MAGA movement!→ https://washex.am/2Lqj9vw
We are restoring PRIDE in our great country once again!
"President Trump consistently speaks to the one audience that matters most: the forgotten men and women of America." http://dailycaller.com/2018/07/26/trump-fights-for-americans/
Job openings outnumber job seekers for the first time in history. AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
JUST RELEASED! GDP growth for Q2 is 4.1% They said it couldn't be done!
I am ALL-IN TO PROTECT AND EXPAND THE GOP majorities in the House and Senate!
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!
Is there anything more fun than a Trump rally? Join me on Tuesday, July 31st in Tampa, Florida! Free Tickets: donaldjtrump.com/rallies/tampa-fl-2018
Twitter "SHADOW BANNING" prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.
Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!
Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off? Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!
I'm very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don't want Trump!
African American, Hispanic American and Asian American unemployment has reached the lowest levels ever recorded. The forgotten men and women of our country are NO LONGER FORGOTTEN!
Our country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!
A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise, no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy, all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying, without ever asking me (always anonymous sources), that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong, very happy!
The Democrats HATE to see that America's economy is BOOMING under my leadership!
NATO is paying their fair share and nobody has been tougher on Russia than me. Big results will come!
Whether I am at home or abroad, I am ALWAYS fighting for AMERICA and the American people!
There's no stopping our movement now -we still have much work to do... JOIN THE FIGHT against OBSTRUCTIONIST DEMOCRATS! Go to DonaldJTrump.com/get-involved and join us in the greatest fight for our country.
"“Trump recognized Russian meddling MANY TIMES”
The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set."
The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.
I discussed a range of issues during my meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, and I think we came to a lot of good conclusions.
Story after story comes out with a negative spin, but we are doing GREAT things. The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!
I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 billion more and will pay hundreds of billions of dollars more in the future. The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!
We want PEACE!
Much to the Democrats' dismay, my policies are working for ALL Americans, especially Latinos!→ https://dpo.st/2uu4NyS
Under my leadership, women and families are doing better than ever in an economy that's THRIVING and a nation that's more SECURE!
Today’s meeting is only the beginning of a longer process, but we have taken the first step toward a brighter future, and one with a strong dialogue and a lot of thought.
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of PEACE than to risk peace in pursuit of politics.
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world.
It’s great to hear that so many Americans are going on vacation for the first time in years, thanks to our BOOMING economy! ENJOY IT!→ https://bit.ly/2NbEbKP
This week we nominated an incredible Supreme Court Justice, made tremendous progress at NATO, and got another strong jobs report. Great things are happening!
The United Kingdom and the United States are bound together by a common historic heritage, language, and heroes.
The enduring relationship between our nations has never been stronger than it is now.
As we celebrate the special relationship between our two countries, on behalf of the American people, I say THANK YOU, Prime Minister Theresa May!🇺🇸🇬🇧
It’s incredible what we’ve been able to accomplish when you consider the unprecedented opposition we’ve faced from the Democrats all along. Dinesh D'Souza knows this well!
That's my number-one goal: peace all over the world.
For years, presidents have been coming to these meetings and talking about the tremendous expense for the United States. Now, that's changed – everyone has agreed to substantially up their commitment.
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium...
Thank you to all of my GREAT supporters, really big progress being made. New Poll says Trump, at over 90%, is the most popular Republican in the history of the party. Wow!
There is no one in America more qualified for this position, and no one more deserving.
Judge Kavanaugh has impeccable credentials, unsurpassed qualifications, and a proven commitment to equal justice under the law.
"After a year of liberal rage and protests around the country, the president has yet another VICTORY under his belt in his efforts to protect the American people."→ https://bit.ly/2u80Hwt
The Democrats can try to resist and obstruct our agenda, but in our MOVEMENT, they’ve met their match!
I’m going to tell NATO you have to start paying your bills. The U.S. is spending far more on NATO than any other country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable!
America is WINNING AGAIN because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears against our law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!
“President Trump is resolving longstanding racial injustices against the black community…”→ https://bit.ly/2KDDpJW
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hard-working Americans. NOT HAPPENING!
Congress: FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
I don't have to ask the cameras to show our crowd anymore – you can see the thousands of Montanans who came out to last night’s rally in 360 view!
Sen. Jon Tester pretends he’s willing to work with us to Make America Great Again, but his Chuck Schumer-approved, liberal record proves otherwise!→ https://gftrib.com/2KGfJDQ
Join me LIVE in Great Falls, MT! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
As we celebrate Independence Day this week, we also celebrate the many economic freedoms we’ve gained since I took office. New jobs, bigger paychecks, and keeping more of your hard-earned money!
Happy Fourth of July… our country is doing GREAT!🇺🇸
On behalf of everyone at Team Trump, Happy Fourth of July! We hope everyone has a blessed, safe, and HAPPY holiday!
Show your pride for our GREAT country this 4th of July! Use code FREEDOM for 40% off→ https://bit.ly/2MKGYKU
How can the Democrats do well in November? They are weak on the border and weak on crime. The people of our country want SAFETY and SECURITY.
To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit! You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe. The radical left Democrats want you out, but that will never happen!
This was a BIG week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. We are creating a lasting legacy for our country!
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on July 9th!
In everything we do, we are standing up for our citizens and we are standing up for AMERICA. That is how we will continue to Make America Great Again!
There's no better way to celebrate our WINNING agenda than having a massive #MAGA rally!
I'd like to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our nation, and filled our hearts with grief...
Today, we broke ground on a plant that will provide JOBS for up to 15,000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire and grow than right here in AMERICA!
We need Kevin Cramer to replace liberal Democrat Heidi Heitkamp! Heidi has been against us and the interests of her own state from the very beginning! North Dakotans – VOTE Cramer!→ https://bit.ly/2MxPOeD
So much energy last night in North Dakota! This is the only camera that will show a 360-degree view of our MASSIVE crowd!
FAKE NEWS is alive and well! No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak the truth. While they continue spreading their lies, we’ll keep spreading the TRUTH!
My message for every young American: LOVE what you are doing and never, ever quit. You are the future of our country, and you are off to a great start!
Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi have become the unhinged FACE of the Democratic Party. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats. Together, they will Make America Weak Again!
It's not "build that wall" anymore, it's "continue building that wall!"
My historic meeting with Chairman Kim proved that REAL CHANGE is possible. Challenges may lie ahead, but I believe great things can happen, not just for America, but for the entire world.
Democrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need STRENGTH and SECURITY at the border!
"SOUTH CAROLINA: GET OUT AND VOTE
TOMORROW FOR GOVERNOR HENRY MCMASTER!!
The great State of South Carolina needs Henry’s leadership
to continue to grow the economy with the help of our historic
tax cuts."
We will not rest until our border is SECURE, our citizens are SAFE, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all.
In just six months, more than 600 companies have given out bonuses or pay raises as a result of our HISTORIC tax cuts! We're just getting started!
"The media does not want you to know this, and will not cover it...The real BIG STORY that affects everybody in America is..." - Varney & Co.
WHAT A NIGHT! 9,000 people inside and many thousands more outside. See the incredible Minnesota rally crowd in our FIRST EVER 360 Interactive Video!
I will ALWAYS fight for an immigration system that DEFENDS our borders and takes care of our sovereignty as a nation!
The media would rather see our nation fail than me succeed, but that won’t stop me from fighting every single day to put AMERICA and the American people FIRST!
Join me LIVE in Duluth, MN! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
Don’t worry! The Republicans and your president will fix it!
We want to keep families together, but at the same time, we have to keep our borders strong!
It’s been months since I offered a deal on a new immigration plan and the Democrats still refuse to negotiate. They’re trying to score political points instead of solving the problem – I am working on a solution!
Democrats are the problem. We want to solve the immigration issue, we want safety and security, and we want to solve family separation.
I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the southern border...it has been going on for many, many decades...
My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hardworking and LOYAL people this country has ever seen! As we get stronger, so does America!
With the deals I’m making, the American people are going to have a very bright, strong, and prosperous future!
Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs coming into our country illegally? CHANGE THE LAWS!
This was a huge week on the world stage. American leadership is back! Watch for more.
This is the BEST economy we’ve ever had. If the Democrats had won, they would’ve raised your taxes and increased regulations – the economy would be a disaster!
The Democrats are forcing the break up of families at the border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. We need a bill that gives this country tremendous border security! Go for it!
FBI Agent Peter Strzok (who headed the Clinton and Russia investigations) texted his lover Lisa Page “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming president... The IG Report is a total DISASTER for Comey, his minions, and sadly, the FBI.
We’ve made tremendous progress. No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! Everybody can now feel much SAFER!
A year ago the pundits and talking heads were begging for conciliation and peace. Now they are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea!
The world has taken a big step back from potential nuclear catastrophe. Kim Jong-un wants to get something done, I want to get something done – I think we’ll get it done!
"Our economy is BOOMING!
✔️Stock Market up almost 40% since Election Day 
✔️Black and Hispanic unemployment lowest in history
✔️Female unemployment lowest in 21 years
✔️Highest confidence ever"
This is a different Administration, a different President, and a different Secretary of State. We get things done.
Our unprecedented meeting, the first between an American president and a leader of North Korea, proves that real change is indeed possible.
Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on trade anymore. We must put the American worker first...CHANGE IS COMING!
Democrats complain but then they don’t do anything! Let’s sit down and negotiate a bill that gives us great border security and safety and that is fair. It’s very easy!
For years and years, countries have been taking advantage of the United States on trade. We're going to straighten that out.
This week marked my 500th day in office, and I’m still not tired of winning!
Over the past 16 months, Prime Minister Abe and I have worked closely together to address common challenges, of which there are many...
America is finally WINNING again. But if we don’t get out and VOTE Republican, we put the success of our entire country at risk. We have to keep the momentum going!
It’s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Abe back to The White House!🇺🇸🇯🇵
Those who have paid their debt to society and worked hard to better themselves while in prison deserve a second chance. Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!
There is no one better to represent the people of New York than Rep. Daniel M. Donovan. He will be great at delivering new jobs, rebuilding our infrastructure, and much more! VOTE Donovan on June 26th!
Today it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct, making veterans choice the permanent law of the land! http://45.wh.gov/dyWJNq
The Fake News Media has been so unfair and vicious to my wife, and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery, everything they reported was FAKE. She is doing really well!
“It’s more than ‘crumbs’ to the people that are working their jobs, balancing their books, and trying to put food on the table for their families.” Our tax cuts are making a REAL DIFFERENCE!
Today at 3 PM we will put our hands on our hearts for the Pledge of Allegiance and all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem! No NFL escaping to locker rooms!
While the Democrats continue to support criminal illegal immigrants, we're going to defend our borders and fight on crime! The cycle of illegal immigration must END.
Watch this week's Real News Update to hear how America is truly WINNING again!
So much LOVE and SPIRIT at the #MAGA rally on Tuesday night. There’s nothing better than celebrating our great success with TRUE Americans!
We have reached yet another HISTORIC milestone with 3.8% unemployment!
We’re not making apologies. We’re not making excuses. We’re RESPECTED AGAIN as a country!
91% of news coverage of me is negative. That’s why I expose the mainstream media for what they are – FAKE! If we don’t hold them accountable, we won’t get the truth!
Trey Gowdy: "I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward...he could have picked somebody else." And I wish I did!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer and MS-13 lover Nancy Pelosi are more interested in taking care of CRIMINALS than they are in taking care of you!
Join me LIVE in Nashville, Tennessee! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
“This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about...it was SECRETLY gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that SPYING...this is unprecedented and scandalous.” - Mollie Ziegler Hemingway
When I'm making deals, I'm thinking about what's good for America and the American people. I am always going to put America first!
Show your American spirit with our exclusive Freedom Hat! Use code REMEMBER for 25% off before it's too late! https://bit.ly/2GRsgOC
I will not rest until the world is safe from a nuclearized North Korea.
"Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Congratulations!
Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH!"
I fully endorse John Cox for Governor of California! John is a great businessman who understands borders, crime, and lowering taxes. He’ll be the best governor California ever had! VOTE Cox on June 5th!
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially, I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world...
There will be BIG news coming soon for our great American autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!
"When MS-13 and other gang members come into our country, I refer to them as “animals.” And guess what? I always will. 
What You Need To Know About The Violent Animals Of MS-13: https://bit.ly/2IDPwp9"
For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals!
I put America first because it makes America STRONG — stronger for our workers, for our brave military heroes, and for all of our great citizens!
“John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself...Brennan started this entire debacle with President Trump…This was a Political hit job, this was not an intelligence investigation.” - Dan Bongino on Fox & Friends
Democrats are in denial, but as Diamond And Silk will tell you, the PEOPLE know what’s happening. Past presidents could only wish for the results I'm getting!
"I'm holding another RALLY! Join me in Nashville, Tennessee on Tuesday, May 29th! 
Free Tickets: donaldjtrump.com/rallies/nashville-tn-may-2018"
I will always stand by our allies, stand up for our law enforcement, and stand with the American people.
To the students, families, teachers, and personnel at Santa Fe High School: We're with you in this tragic hour, and we will be with you forever.
We are now into the second year of the greatest WITCH HUNT in American History...And now word is coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Citizens of California have sparked a rebellion by standing up against their state's deadly and unconstitutional sanctuary laws. These people want their families PROTECTED and their borders SECURED!
Unlike decades of past presidents, I fulfilled my campaign promise of moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem. As we celebrate this historic milestone, we reaffirm our commitment to stand with Israel and to always strive for PEACE!
Today we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement HEROES who made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police 100%!
To the young sons and daughters who joined us today: I want you to know that your moms and dads were among the bravest Americans to ever live.
The unemployment rate is at the LOWEST level since the turn of the century. You'd think Democrats would celebrate such good news for our workers, but they can't stand to give us credit!
Tuesday's primary results show we have tremendous energy and excitement among our base. With all that I am delivering on tax cuts, economy, North Korea, Iran, and more, why wouldn't we win in November?
It's been another historic week at the White House. We’re achieving great things, not only for our country but for the world.
I support Bill Schuette for Governor of the great state of Michigan! He will be a fantastic leader and BIG help in accomplishing our MAGA agenda. VOTE Schuette on August 7th!
We’ve accomplished more in one week than others accomplish in one year — exited the Iran Deal, brought three Americans home from North Korea, and the new U.S. embassy is opening in Jerusalem. WINNING!
This is truly an exciting time for our country. Many people have never felt prouder to be an American! #MAGA
Join me LIVE in Elkhart, Indiana! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
While Democrats support chaos, crime and violence, I support law, order and safety. I will always stand with our military and law enforcement officers who work so hard to protect us!
I cut taxes so small businesses like Shortway Brewing Co. can grow and prosper. This is what the American dream is all about — people who work hard, dream big, and never give up! It’s incredible to see what a difference our tax cuts are making in people’s lives.
I want to deliver a message to the long-suffering people of Iran: The people of America stand with you. The future of Iran belongs to you.
Today I announced that the United States will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal.
We cannot be complacent! We have to FIGHT and WIN in the mid-term elections. I want to know, how are you going to help me ensure a win for the MAGA agenda this November?
Kanye West gets it! And so does Dr. Darrell Scott. African-American unemployment is the LOWEST in history. People are finally starting to realize that big things are happening!
First Lady Melania Trump, your care and compassion for our nation's children inspires us all. Today we pledge to BE BEST!
The Russia WITCH HUNT is rapidly losing credibility. The 13 angry Democrats in charge are starting to find out that there is a court system in place that actually protects people from injustice!
Between the incredible new jobs report and great progress we're making with North Korea, a lot of good things will be happening in the next short period of time. WATCH.
We will never ever surrender. We will never give up our freedom. We will live free and we will die free!
Nobody in the first year of office has done what WE have done. Not me – WE!
We know that faith is more powerful than government, and NOTHING is more powerful than God.
There was no collusion and there is no obstruction of justice. There IS important work being done such as negotiations over North Korea, trade with China, NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!
Jim Renacci has my full endorsement! He's worked hard on tax cuts, illegal immigration, the border, and crime. He will be a fantastic Senator for the great state of Ohio! VOTE Renacci on May 8th!
The Fake News media is TOTALLY UNHINGED over the great success of my Administration! We’re accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while they go “bonkers!”
The Fake News media is working overtime to help the totally out of touch Democrats win in 2018 — but they won’t. We drained the SWAMP before and we're ready to do it again!
I’m accomplishing even more than I promised, and I'm doing it for YOU. Our great journey together is just beginning! #MAGA
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
Every week we continue to accomplish incredible things for our GREAT country. Watch for more on this week’s REAL news.
The media will never acknowledge all the great things that are happening in our country because they can’t stand that we're succeeding. They lost, WE won – and we will keep WINNING!
“No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Tomorrow night I'm skipping the Fake News Prom (White House Correspondents' Dinner) to be with American patriots who truly want to MAGA! Tune in at 7pm to watch the rally LIVE on Facebook!
The truth is we have tremendous support. It’s great to see people like Kanye, Candace Owens, and so many others coming out and really sticking to their guns. We won the election and we’re doing a much better job than the Democrats did! #MAGA
Even the states that didn't vote for me are enjoying RECORD LOW unemployment! You’re welcome!
Did you know that at the current rate, it would take 9 YEARS for all of my appointments to get confirmed by Senate? Watch for more from former Press Secretary for Vice President Mike Pence, Marc Lotter.
It is truly fitting that First Lady Melania Trump and I are holding our first official state visit with the leader of France, America's oldest ally. We look forward to hosting President Emmanuel Macron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron at tonight's State Dinner!
The Democrats will obstruct and resist my agenda at all costs – even if it means hurting the American people. That’s why I’m FIGHTING harder than ever to keep the power away from them and where it truly belongs: WITH YOU.
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
Another week of Promises Made, Promises Kept. Watch this week's REAL news!
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts. Democrats want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and MORE CUTS!
THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome, Key West, Florida!
Democrats are “slow walking” all of my nominations. Mike Pompeo is outstanding – first in his class at West Point, top student at Harvard Law School, a success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
I will be meeting with Kim Jong Un in the coming weeks to discuss the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, and we will be doing everything possible to make it a worldwide success.
It was my great honor to host my friend Prime Minister Abe and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished, thank you!🇺🇸🇯🇵
If you listen to the Swamp in Washington, you would never know that millions of Americans are enjoying many great benefits from our HISTORIC tax cuts!
There is a REVOLUTION going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested & breeding concept. The people of the State are not happy!
The U.S. remains committed to strengthening its deep and long-lasting relationship with the Baltic nations. Friends and allies around the world know they can count on us!
"Join me for a BIG rally in the great state of Michigan next Saturday, April 28th!
Free Tickets: donaldjtrump.com/rallies/washington-mi-apr-2018"
Our economy is entering the greatest BOOM in many decades! "155 MILLION working Americans are going to benefit from better business, stronger growth, and lower taxes."
Our country is really starting to rock with businesses pouring back in. There’s never been a better time to HIRE and INVEST in AMERICA!
Last week, in a video that went absolutely viral, Mark Robinson declared that the silent majority will no longer be silent. Thank you Mark for using your VOICE! The silent majority is BACK!
Remember this tomorrow: This is the LAST TIME you're going to fill out that long, complicated, horrible return!
This week I took bold action to stop the use of chemical weapons, and called on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria.
James Comey is a proven LEAKER & LIAR. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and untruthful slimeball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
My Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity, purpose, and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back!
The years of failed American leadership are OVER. When it comes to national security, the tougher the better! We will deliver SAFETY and SECURITY.
Watch former Democrat Harlan Z. Hill explain why he and 7 million Obama voters chose OUR movement. The Democrats think they're going to win big in 2018, but we’re going to defy the predictions once again!
These headlines tell the TRUTH about what's going on in our country! Working hard and getting BIG RESULTS for the American people! #MAGA
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this…we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
We condemn the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons. We cannot allow atrocities like this to happen.
Want to hear the truth? Watch this week's REAL news.
Companies are coming back, jobs are coming back, and millions of American workers are seeing bigger paychecks – all thanks to our historic TAX CUTS!
Yet another phony headline by Amazon’s “chief lobbyist” Fake News Washington Post. Should read, “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers and Massive I.P. Theft.” We will not be taken advantage of any longer!
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico & Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way – they want people to pour into our country unchecked...CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
How many times have we proven the so-called “experts” wrong? They think we need their help, but we’re doing just fine! #DrainTheSwamp
We are preparing for the military to secure our border between Mexico and the United States. WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!
There’s never been a more exciting time for young Americans — lower taxes, more jobs, and more opportunity! With all the work that I’m doing, they have a lot to look forward to!
I am fighting for ALL Americans, unlike the Democrats, who are trying to divide our country to serve THEIR political needs!
We MUST stop the massive inflow of drugs and people. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
The White House Easter Egg Roll is under way! Thank you to First Lady Melania Trump who worked so hard on this event and did an INCREDIBLE job!
Watch this week's REAL NEWS!
Our opponents refuse to admit the great success we’re having on everything from the economy to North Korea, and much more. We are WINNING!
It's time to REBUILD, and we will do it with American WORKERS, American GRIT, and American PRIDE!
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site, where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined!
Our economy is stronger than it has been in many decades. Business is booming and jobs are coming back like never before!
Welcome to Exclusive Team Trump Behind the Scenes Moments with President Donald J. Trump & his Administration - from the White House, and the road! Enjoy!!
Watch Dr. Gina explain why the Democrats and Fake News media continue to RESIST, despite my great success!
Much can be done with the $1.6 billion given to building and fixing the border wall...And remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!
No one gets left behind. I am committed to helping ALL Americans achieve the American dream, including our farmers, small businesses, and great veterans!
This was a busy, but very productive week — accomplished a lot! Watch for the REAL news.
It was my great honor to speak to young Americans at the Generation Next forum yesterday. This is a VERY exciting time for millennials — a lot to look forward to! https://bit.ly/2pBhZQd
To prevent the omnibus situation from ever happening again, I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all government spending bills.
As a matter of national security, I’ve signed this omnibus budget bill. There are a lot of things I’m unhappy about in this bill, and I say to Congress, I will never sign another bill like this again.
As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American workers, and defend our national security.  Today, we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment.→ http://45.wh.gov/Section301
Kim Jong-un finally comes to the negotiating table and the Fake News Media has a meltdown. Talks are a good thing! We are winning!
The Democrats think they’re invincible, but we’re going to defy the predictions once again — We will KEEP the House majority and we will keep FIGHTING for the American people!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is now crazed…Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing. PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
“Special Counsel is told to find crimes, whether crimes exists or not…I think President Trump was RIGHT when he said there never should have been a Special Counsel appointed…”
"The Democrats’ priority is to protect criminals, not to do what's right for our country. My priority is to serve, protect, and defend the citizens of the United States!
WATCH: http://bit.ly/2ppICIy"
Together, we will END the scourge of drug addiction in America once and for all.
Whether you are a dealer or doctor or trafficker or a manufacturer, if you break the law and illegally peddle these deadly poisons, we WILL find you, we WILL arrest you, and we WILL hold you accountable.
This week I traveled to California to inspect eight different border wall prototypes. We MUST and WILL build the WALL!
We've created almost 3 million JOBS since Election Day and jobless claims are down to a 50-year low. Numbers far greater than anyone imagined!
The Democrats’ strategy is to resist. Mine is to FIGHT for the hard working American people. That’s why WE are WINNING!
I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back, and we did. We helped Wall Street, we helped Main Street, we helped everybody. Now we’re going for a PHASE TWO!
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our country! #AmericaFirst
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!🇺🇸
If we don’t have a wall system, we’re not going to have a country.
Support from the grassroots is strong and getting stronger! Let’s keep up the energy and WIN in the very important midterm elections this fall!
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania! Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!
We’re not letting other countries take advantage of us anymore. It’s all about jobs for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST!
What the mayor of Oakland did was a DISGRACE, warning illegal immigrants when ICE was about to begin its arrests of known criminals. I need you to stand up against this lawlessness. Show your support for the DOJ’s lawsuit against “sanctuary state” California→ http://bit.ly/2tAd3Ao
We want every American to know the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck, and the satisfaction of a job well done!
I am delivering the kind of the results the American people expected when they elected me president. Massive deregulation, historic tax cuts, BOOMING economy, and much more!
"Looking forward to a BIG rally in the great state of Pennsylvania this Saturday, March 10th!
Free Tickets: donaldjtrump.com/rallies/moon-township-pa-mar-2018"
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a $1 billion reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Also, we're acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft — cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
Our economy is coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before — and Latino businesses are helping to lead the way. YOU are paving the path.
Our economy is booming and will only get better. This is great news for millions of young Americans who can look forward to new jobs and higher pay!
Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if a new and fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must treat our farmers much better, and Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S.
I will always be committed to the American people, and I will always put AMERICA FIRST.
We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as other countries charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit — have no choice!
We will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic: http://45.wh.gov/apMkN9
No matter what issue or resistance we face, we will continue to prove the critics wrong!
"It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland, we are determined to turn our grief into action. 
Full meeting: http://45.wh.gov/BipartisanMtg"
Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God’s grace.
This is a time of great opportunity for our country. We’re setting records!
“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be INVESTIGATED. I fully agree with the President on that.” - Judge Andrew Napolitano
We have to have action. We have to take steps to harden our schools so that they are less vulnerable to attack.
We want an immigration bill that includes border security, ending chain migration, canceling the visa lottery, and a reasonable DACA solution — a win-win for AMERICA and a compromise for both parties!
The one thing Democrats are incredible at is obstruction. I'm pushing DACA and the Democrats are nowhere to be found!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
I want people coming into this country based on MERIT. I want people who have skills, who can support themselves financially, who can contribute to our economy, and who will share our values and love our people and our country!
School safety is a top priority for my administration, and we will do whatever it takes to get it done. Real news⬇️
No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school. That's why my highest priority is making our schools and our children safer.
"Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the White House with State and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and education officials.
There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe, and we will deliver!"
History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police & first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation?
When faced with danger, they each put the lives of others before their own. God forever bless these GREAT heroes!
Thank you to Fox & Friends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
You wouldn’t know it by watching the Fake News media, but our economy is BOOMING!
This President’s Day, I honor all past presidents and reaffirm my commitment to finish the job of those who served before me by making America GREAT again.
Our entire nation, with one heavy heart, is praying for the victims, their families, and the entire Parkland, FL community.
On the night of my election, I pledged to be president for ALL Americans, and I’ve upheld that pledge every day since.
I want to speak directly to America’s children:  I want you to know that you are never alone and you never will be.  You have people who care about you, who love you, and who will do anything at all to protect you.
"In times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil, and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need.
And so always, but especially today, let us hold our loved ones close, let us pray for healing and for peace, and let us come together as one nation to wipe away the tears and strive for a much better tomorrow."
Later this month, I will be meeting with the nation’s governors and attorney generals, where making our schools and our children safer will be our top priority.  It is not enough to simply take actions that make us feel like we are making a difference.  We must actually make that difference.
Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle? This will be our last chance! March 5th.
After many years we have taken care of our Military. Now we have to FIX our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?
Washington will no longer be a roadblock to progress — Washington will now be your partner!
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. No wonder the People no longer trust the media... #MAGA
We won't let anything stand in the way of our success as a country. This is the REAL news⬇️
Every day, we are unifying our GREAT country and delivering for the American people. Watch my campaign team discuss how I’m putting AMERICA FIRST.
Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election! This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!
Our rights are not given to us by man; our rights come from our Creator... Today, we praise God for how truly blessed we are to be American.
America is a nation of BELIEVERS, and together we are strengthened by the power of prayer.
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration!
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
"We must listen to the law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat MS-13 and close the immigration loopholes that have allowed this deadly gang to break into our country.
Watch more: http://45.wh.gov/MS13Roundtable"
I delivered a very powerful, positive State of the Union address, yet the Democrats showed complete disrespect toward our people and our country. Their behavior was disgraceful.
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed Indianapolis Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken.
Hundreds of companies have announced new jobs, bonuses, and major investments as a result of our massive Tax Cuts!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way DOWN, and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Join me for a few minutes live in Cincinnati, Ohio! #MAGA
Thank you to the men and women at the Department of Homeland Security, Customs Border Protection and ICE - for a wonderful job in keeping all fans - at Super Bowl LII safe at last nights game. Great job, and again, THANK YOU! -POTUS Trump
"""A Reckoning for the FBI""
""The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath..."" - The Wall Street Journal http://on.wsj.com/2BSZfQ7"
This week I highlighted some of my greatest successes in office. But even greater than these successes were the stories of TRUE HEROES to remind us who we are, and show us what we can be!
Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or they’ll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
This is our NEW AMERICAN MOVEMENT. There has never been a better time to start living the AMERICAN DREAM!
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to Fusion GPS to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.” - Tom Fitton, Judicial Watch
Watch the most powerful moments of my first State of the Union address while my team shares reaction. Even the Fake News Media called my speech “inspirational” and “strong!”
Tuesday was an incredible evening. RECORD-breaking numbers! #MAGA
The state of OUR UNION is STRONG because OUR PEOPLE are STRONG.
My duty, and the sacred duty of every elected official in this chamber, is to defend Americans — to protect their safety, their families, their communities, and their right to the American dream. Because AMERICANS are DREAMERS too.
This is our NEW AMERICAN MOMENT. There has never been a better time to start living the American Dream!🇺🇸
As long as we have confidence in our values, faith in our citizens, and trust in our God, we will not fail. Our families will thrive. Our people will prosper. And our Nation will forever be SAFE and STRONG and PROUD and MIGHTY and FREE.
Watch President Donald J. Trump give his first State of the Union address.
There is no limit to the number of jobs we can create and the amount of prosperity we can unleash. AMERICA FIRST!
To be successful, it is not enough to invest in our economy – we must invest in OUR PEOPLE.
TRUE LEADERSHIP: Historic tax cuts, record stock market, unemployment at a 17-year low, money and jobs coming back to America, 40% drop in illegal immigration at our southern border - and so much more!
Just like we expect the leaders of other countries to protect their interests, as President of the United States, I will always protect the interests of OUR country, OUR companies, and OUR workers.
There has never been a better time to hire, to build, to invest, and to grow in the United States. America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS, and we are competitive once again!
Two of my greatest supporters and good friends Diamond And Silk are cutting through the Fake News tonight, talking about deal making with Democrats and the recent Schumer Shutdown!
Watch this week's Real News Update to hear how America is truly WINNING again!
Join me for a few minutes - live from the White House with Mayor’s from across America....
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
"TREMENDOUS investment being made in America — never been anything like it. Now Disney, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and many others. Massive Deregulation and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!"
Today I signed a very important executive action to protect American jobs and American workers. These actions demonstrate to the world that the United States will not be taken advantage of anymore.
We need more leaders in Congress who will support our #MAGA agenda. Therefore, we’re supporting Rick Saccone to become the next Member of Congress from the great state of Pennsylvania!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for EVERYONE, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. See you at the negotiating table!
"Chuck Schumer and the Democrats continue to put the interests of illegal immigrants over those of Americans!
#MAGA #MakeAmericaSafeAgain"
"This moment is your moment: it belongs to you.
This is your day. This is your celebration.
And this, the United States of America, is YOUR country."
Do not let anyone tell you it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America!
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day THE PEOPLE became the RULERS of this nation AGAIN.
Tomorrow marks ONE YEAR since I took the oath of office. But since the Fake News media won’t talk about the great success I’ve had, my campaign team will share stories from this HISTORIC year with YOU.
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America’s destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA
We hope you’re not tired of WINNING, because this is just the start of a long-lasting era of prosperity under President Trump!
Join me for a few minutes, live - at H&K Equipment in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania! TAX CUTS, TAX CUTS, TAX CUTS! Together, WE are all MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, by Mexico… The $20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S.
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...http://bit.ly/2mH3gSh
Friends and family will be joining me for a celebratory dinner in beautiful Palm Beach, Florida on the first anniversary of our HISTORIC inauguration. I want YOU there! Today is your last chance. Enter to WIN→ http://bit.ly/2mGlzap
“President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline…I think he should get credit for it.” Thank you Varney & Co.!
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves… Tax cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers… Most EXPLOSIVE stock market rally that we’ve seen in modern times... That is Trump's doing." - Varney & Co. on Fox & Friends
Do you notice the Fake News never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative? “90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” — and much of it contrived! Fox & Friends
Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. We are ready, willing and able to make a deal, but they don’t want to. My standard is very simple — AMERICA FIRST & MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch my campaign team discuss how I’ve gotten America’s economy BOOMING, and so much more, in less than one year as President!
I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want SAFETY and SECURITY for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund!
This week showed that President Trump is being totally transparent with the American people. It doesn’t get more REAL than that!
Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together, we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States!
2017 was a year of TREMENDOUS achievement. We began a great American economic revival and we will continue to #MAGA in the new year!
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1!
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. Everybody, including the Dems, knows there was no collusion. Republicans should finally take control!
I’m appealing to everyone to PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY, to sit down and negotiate and to compromise, and see if we can get something done.
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security, chain migration, lottery and DACA. http://45.wh.gov/POTUS45
We will not rest until all of America's great veterans receive the care they've earned through their incredible service and sacrifice to our country.
We are witnessing a new era of PATRIOTISM, PROSPERITY, and PRIDE. And at the forefront of this exciting new chapter is the GREAT AMERICAN FARMER.➡️ 45.wh.gov/hnxxkw
In every decision we make, we are honoring America’s PROUD FARMING LEGACY. We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT American flag!
The AMERICAN DREAM is roaring back to life!
"I’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book, written by a totally discredited author...
The Fake News Awards will be presented to the losers on Wednesday, January 17th, rather than this coming Monday!"
Join us for the first REAL news update of 2018! It's going to be another BIG year!
While the mainstream media continue their Fake News coverage in the new year, we're going to #MAGA with YOU!
Now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media and this PHONY new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
Wow — over 100 companies are making tremendous contributions to their employees and spending money on this country because of the tax bill. Major investments. That means JOBS, and much more! I want to see this list keep growing!
Today the Dow broke 25,000. There were those who said we wouldn't break 25,000 by the end of the 8th year, and we're in the 11th month! #MAGA
Our position has been clear and very clear from the beginning. Any legislation on DACA must secure the border with a wall.
Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing.
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST & CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o’clock!
It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. As an example, we pay the Palestinians HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect…Why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more & more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL!→ http://bit.ly/2A5pzFP
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Get impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources,” and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY, so that the next time I (and the people) win, you won’t have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
Today we reflect on the year that we truly began to Make America GREAT Again. Now, let’s ring in 2018 and make this next year even greater than before!
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching!
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most....
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, Fox & Friends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the SAME as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage & Russia hoax!
TUNE IN: My campaign team is reflecting on 2017 and what a HISTORIC year we've had Making America GREAT Again!
Wonderful meeting with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!
Retail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet!
Together, we are building the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare, the Democrats & Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
WOW, Fox & Friends “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.”
First Lady Melania and I hope everyone is having a VERY MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
MERRY CHRISTMAS, everybody! We hope you enjoy this wonderful day surrounded by the ones you love!
Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long & beautiful list.
Want to hear about this HISTORIC week? Join us for REAL news!
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses...Merry Christmas!
Watch my campaign team discuss how I fulfilled one of my most important promises to the American people: The largest TAX CUTS in American HISTORY!
MASSIVE TAX CUTS, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making BIG PAYMENTS to workers.
Spread the spirit of #MAGA this Christmas with our Collectible Ornament!→ http://bit.ly/2D8RtUc
$3.2 TRILLION in TAX CUTS — This was a historic victory for the American people.
TODAY, WE ARE MAKING HISTORY! Join us for a couple of minutes via my Facebook Page - in the front row!
I can think of no better Christmas present for the American people than the gift of a massive TAX CUT! We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF! #TaxCutsandJobsAct
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to demean. The results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
We’re bringing Christmas back. Order TODAY to get in the spirit with our Official #MAGA Hat before Dec. 25th! → http://bit.ly/2kybMBW
We are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country!
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The entire world has heard the news and has already seen the signs. America is COMING BACK, and America is COMING BACK STRONG.
Say Merry Christmas with our #MAGA Morning Mug. Every day can start by celebrating our GREAT country!→ http://bit.ly/2ATlUw1
With the strategy I announced today, we declared that America is IN THE GAME and America is determined to WIN.
Show your support for “Made in the USA” this Christmas by gifting our Official Presidential Medal!→ http://bit.ly/2CCjVNQ
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities...
Make this year’s Christmas bigger and better than ever before with our Classic #MAGA hat!→ http://bit.ly/2kybMBW
Tune in to hear all about President Trump's BIG week!
"Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in California. Please consider donating to one of the below organizations to help those in the path of the wildfire:
· American Red Cross: www.redcross.org/about-us/our-work/disaster-relief/wildfire-relief 
· The Salvation Army: www.salvationarmy-socal.org 
· Humane Society of Ventura County: www.hsvc.org 
· Thomas Fire Fund: www.unitedwayla.org/ventura_county_thomas_fire 
· Ventura County Community Foundation: vccf.org/donate/make-a-donation/"
Join me for my WEEKLY ADDRESS!
Tune in! My campaign team is talking about our winning strategy to make America SAFER, STRONGER, and more SECURE.
"You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.
Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA!"
Show your pride for our GREAT country on the Christmas tree this year with our Collectible #MAGA Ornament→ http://bit.ly/2zfDWKO
We’ve set a RECORD for appointing the ‘most ever federal appeals judges’ in a president's first year. These excellent court nominees will have a lasting impact on the law and our lives for decades to come!→ http://bit.ly/2zeJ55N
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS!
For every one new regulation, we have eliminated TWENTY-TWO. We're cutting the red tape, setting free our dreams, and Making America GREAT Again!
We’re kicking off 7 Days of MAGA Gifting with our Merry Christmas #MAGA hat! Bring Christmas BACK→ http://bit.ly/2j02I8v
Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-growing maze of regs, rules, and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars, millions of jobs, countless American factories, & devastated entire industries.
We are reclaiming our destinies as Americans, a nation that thinks big, DREAMS BIGGER, and always reaches for the stars.
I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now we are just days away!
Much of Mainstream Media has become a joke! Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the TRUTH out!
The lottery system and chain migration — we're going to end them fast.
This historic legislation demonstrates our unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform — the greatest fighting force in the history of the world!
"✔️Consumer Confidence at an All-Time High
✔️Unemployment at a 17 Year Low
✔️Record High Stock Market
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing!
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the FAKE NEWS Media...Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum & the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past & dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice & peace.
CNN’S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true...Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Join me LIVE for a rally in Pensacola, FL!
With President Trump as Commander in Chief, a promise made is a promise kept. Watch for more REAL news!
“The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7%, the lowest ever recorded...” Secretary Alexander Acosta
Tune in tonight. My campaign team will be talking about how I'm Draining The Swamp in Washington!
Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by America’s friends and foes alike: “REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.”
Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice.
"Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. 
God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America. 
#PearlHarborRemembranceDay🇺🇸"
So today, let us rededicate ourselves to a path of mutual understanding and respect. Let us rethink old assumptions and open our hearts and minds to possible and possibilities.
While previous presidents have made this a major campaign promise, they failed to deliver. Today, I am delivering.
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Join me for Opening Remarks in the Cabinet Room - with our GREAT CABINET!
"‪“I have seen things the President has put on his Twitter account actually have a real world impact on are capacity to understand what’s going on in other places of the world....”‬
‪Mike Pompeo‬
‪Director of the CIA ‬
‪Reagan National Defense Forum"
"Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.
It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...."
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays! We're going to have a great, great New Year.
We will put our nation’s TREASURES to great and wonderful use! Families will hike and hunt on land they have known for generations, and they will preserve it for generations to come.
Some people think that the natural resources of Utah should be controlled by a small handful of very distant bureaucrats located in Washington.  Guess what?  They're wrong.
Merry Christmas!
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
This has been a year of ACTION  — a year of RESULTS. It has been a year of starting to Make America Great Again!
We are going to be celebrating Merry Christmas again, and it's going to be done with a BIG, BEAUTIFUL TAX CUT!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
It’s the holiday season and President Trump has kept a very busy schedule! TUNE IN to hear all about this BIG week.
"The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son, and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of God’s love for all of humanity.
Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life forever changed the course of human history...."
Tune in tonight to hear about the issues that matter most to YOU!
"Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at The White House. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.
During the Crown Prince’s visit, he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F-16’s..."
The New York Times is WRONG so often that now I know we have a winner!
"Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY.
But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS – and bring Main Street roaring back to life!"
"Departing Joint Base Andrews for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line. A succesful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one GIANT STEP closer to delivering an incredible VICTORY for the AMERICAN PEOPLE! 
#TeamTrumpBTS: https://www.instagram.com/p/BcFs_kXgTG5/"
My great honor to just welcome newly appointed Ambassadors to Washington, D.C. We look forward to working with all of them!
Unbelievable job First Lady Melania!!
"If you can't see it, you can't stop it. Learn more about the F35’s stealth capabilities: 
lmt.co/2zYoxQa"
"Via ABC World News Tonight...
CHRISTMAS GREETING: First Lady Melania Trump was greeted by ballerinas performing in the newly decorated @whitehouse before meeting children from Joint Base Andrews for Christmas crafts and a bear hug and one child describing the first lady as an ""angel."""
Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS!
Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis on the #NorthKorea missile launch just 2 1/2 hours ago...
First Lady Melania Trump, our great and very hard working First Lady, always thought that “if you run, you will WIN”… and our Country is doing GREAT!
Beautiful!
We’re doing a Cyber Monday sale for great supporters like YOU! Use the code MOREGIVING for 30% off OFFICIAL Trump Merchandise before MIDNIGHT→ http://bit.ly/2iXTVoh
The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The end result will be great for ALL!
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Enjoy 30% OFF #MAGA gifts by using the code GIVING before MIDNIGHT TONIGHT→ http://bit.ly/2i2XxrO
Say MERRY CHRISTMAS with our #MAGA hat! Use the code GIVING for 30% off OFFICIAL Trump Merchandise→ http://bit.ly/2i2XxrO
Spoke to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East this morning. I'm having talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA this afternoon!
We've got a great deal for our supporters this Black Friday! Use the code GIVING for 30% off OFFICIAL Trump Merchandise→ http://bit.ly/2i2XxrO
Wishing everyone a wonderful and beautiful Thanksgiving!
We wish you all a blessed, safe, and HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Americans have a lot to be thankful for this year!
We're going to give the American people a great, big, beautiful Christmas present -- TAX CUTS!
"Analysts predict economic boom for 2018! Fox & Friends Varney & Co.
“President Trump is MAKING AMERICA WORK AGAIN. U.S. unemployment is down to 4.1% right now.”"
Today, the United States is designating North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism.
We must resolve to END the opioid epidemic. Let’s come together as a nation to end this crisis once and for all!
Our trip to Asia was HISTORIC. We showed the world that America is BACK and stronger than ever before!
"Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, #MS13, and many other gangs...
'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown' → http://45.wh.gov/MS13Crackdown"
The days of the United States being taken advantage of are over. America is BACK. And the future has never looked BRIGHTER!
I want to thank every citizen of this country for the part you have played in making this great AMERICAN COMEBACK possible.
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year! http://bit.ly/2j22cGS
During our travels, this is exactly what the world saw: a STRONG, PROUD, and CONFIDENT America.
This #NationalApprenticeshipWeek we celebrate the dignity of work and the greatness of the American worker! Show your support for the #MadeInAmerica movement: http://bit.ly/2j2wiNO
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing New York Times is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
Our country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come! GREAT to be home!🇺🇸
During #NationalApprenticeshipWeek, we recognize the important role apprenticeships play in unleashing our economy and upholding our commitment to BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! http://bit.ly/2j2wiNO
I'm here to advance PEACE, to promote SECURITY, and to work with you to achieve a truly FREE and open Indo-Pacific.
Our veterans are a national treasure and we thank them all for their service, sacrifice, and patriotism. Happy #VeteransDay!
"Just arrived in Hanoi, Vietnam!
#POTUSinAsia #USA🇺🇸"
From this day forward, we will compete on a FAIR and EQUAL basis. We are not going to let the United States be taken advantage of anymore. #APEC2017
I am here to speak frankly about our challenges and to work toward a brighter future for ALL of us. #APEC2017
Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a FREE & OPEN Indo-Pacific. #APEC2017
Join us for this week’s REAL news update — we’re praying for Texas, talking tax cuts, & taking a glimpse into the President’s historic trip to Asia.
Join me live at APEC 2017 in Da Nang, Vietnam!
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. 🇺🇸🇨🇳
The time for excuses is over. Now is the time for STRENGTH. 45.wh.gov/HhDg1W
Join me to celebrate the anniversary of November 8th, 2016 — THE DAY WE MADE HISTORY!
One year ago on this HISTORIC day, we proved the Hollywood elite, D.C. politicians and political pundits all wrong. We WON — we took back OUR country and now our MOVEMENT to Make America Great Again is stronger than ever before!🇺🇸
Our two nations can always count on the close bonds and deep friendship we share as FREE, PROUD, and INDEPENDENT people. 🇺🇸🇰🇷
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea. 🇺🇸🇰🇷
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered.
The United States of America stands in solidarity with the people of Japan against the North Korean menace...STRONG and FREE nations will always prevail.
Our alliance with Japan is a testament to the transformative POWER of FREEDOM. http://45.wh.gov/kPVpxG
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of today’s murderous attack in Sutherland Springs, Texas.
En route to Japan!
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit U.S. Pacific Command upon arrival.
Crooked Hillary bought the DNC & then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie! At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
Want to know the TRUTH? President Trump is working every day to make America more safe and more prosperous for YOU. Sign up for more REAL news updates→ https://www.donaldjtrump.com/realnews
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! 🇺🇸
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security.
My administration is working every day to make America the best place in the world to do business so that more companies like Broadcom COME BACK to our shores, GROW, and CREATE more and more AMERICAN JOBS!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE!
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones.
We’re working hard to deliver the massive TAX CUTS that you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
#NYCStrong #USA🇺🇸
The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm...Fake News WEAK!
It’s time to repeal and replace Obamacare once and for all. I will FIX it, but the Washington Democrats must END the obstruction. Americans WILL get the top quality healthcare they deserve!
Very little reporting on our GREAT economic news. After many years of slow growth, America is back on the right track! #MAGA
The era of economic surrender is over — we are igniting America’s middle-class miracle once again! WATCH⬇️
WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this opioid epidemic and free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. http://45.wh.gov/OpioidCrisis
We have fought and won many battles and wars before, and we will win again. We WILL overcome addiction in America.
Together, we will put #AmericaFirst and we will Make America Great Again!🇺🇸
"This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! 
Read more: http://45.wh.gov/XdCcKj"
"“The media is not covering it…business is beginning to boom. President Trump's growth agenda is working. The economy is growing.” - Varney & Co.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!🇺🇸"
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
Bob Corker, who helped President Obama give us the bad Iran Deal & couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
Perhaps no Administration has done more in its first 9 months than this Administration. We are bringing back the AMERICAN DREAM!🇺🇸
Our agenda has been blocked REPEATEDLY this year. If we’re going to #MAGA, the very outdated filibuster rule MUST go!
Stock Market hits another ALL TIME HIGH on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spend much time on this!
Watch REAL news to learn how President Trump is working harder than ever for you, the American people!
Great news on the 2018 budget — this now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the BIGGEST in the history of our country!
At the heart of our plan is a tax cut for everyday, working Americans. Lower taxes means bigger paychecks, more jobs, and stronger growth!
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to The White House today to discuss our plan to deliver HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families, businesses and workers.
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete...
This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry, and renew the AMERICAN DREAM!
Thank you to The Heritage Foundation! For America to have confidence in our future, we must have PRIDE in our history. 🇺🇸
"Today, I was deeply honored to be joined by so many administration officials and leaders of the Indian-American community - to celebrate Diwali -- the Hindu Festival of Lights.
As we do so, we especially remember the People of India, the home of the Hindu faith, who have built the world’s largest democracy. I greatly value my very strong relationship with Prime Minister Modi. Diwali is one of the most important celebrations in the Hindu religion. A time of peace and prosperity for the New Year, it is a tradition that is held dear by more than 1 billion Hindus worldwide and more than 2 million Hindus in the United States. It is also celebrated by millions of Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains in America, India and around the world.
Our Indian-American neighbors and friends have made incredible contributions to our country – and to the world. You have made extraordinary contributions to art, science, medicine, business and education. America is especially thankful for its many Indian-American citizens who serve BRAVELY in our armed forces and as first responders in communities throughout our great land.  
The Lighting of the Diya is typically celebrated by families in their homes. Today, we proudly celebrate this holiday in THE PEOPLE’S HOUSE. In so doing, we reaffirm that Indian-Americans and Hindu-Americans are truly cherished, treasured and beloved members of our great American FAMILY. 
We wish all of America’s Hindus and everyone who celebrates Diwali a joyous holiday and blessings of light, goodness, and prosperity throughout the New Year.  And now we will light the Diya. 
Donald J. Trump 
President of the United States of America"
"Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings" #Dow23K📈http://45.wh.gov/Dow23K
While traveling the country I’ve met so many people affected by the opioid epidemic. We will tackle this problem and we will win this war.
It's time to restore America's competitive edge and pass historic tax cuts for the American people!
The Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low, and companies are coming back to the U.S. We are only just beginning!🇺🇸
We will not continue down a path whose predictable conclusion is more violence, more terror, and the very real threat of Iran’s nuclear breakout.
Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon.
Tired of the Fake News and want to hear the truth? Watch for this week’s REAL news!
America is nation of BELIEVERS – and together, we are strengthened and sustained by the power of prayer.
"The WALL will be BUILT! 
➡️NO AMNESTY.
➡️NO CHAIN MIGRATION.
#USA #MAGA"
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE!➡️ http://45.wh.gov/Sp9y4H
The FAKE NEWS is at it again — going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
No destructive force on Earth is more powerful than the strength and resilience of the American people!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families and that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America.🇺🇸
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election. Need tax cuts!
We continue to pray for those grieving and wounded after the mass shooting attack in Las Vegas.
We will be there for the people of California during this time of terrible tragedy and need. 45.wh.gov/Mzq2XQ
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
This National Manufacturing Day, we celebrate the American manufacturers and their workers who give true meaning to the famous phrase, "MADE IN THE USA!”🇺🇸 http://bit.ly/2yvmNgQ
In moments of tragedy and horror, America comes together as ONE. Please join us in praying for Las Vegas, and continuing to support our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico.
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS!
We cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror. We are defined by our LOVE, our CARING and our COURAGE.
We are with you 100 percent.
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
Our President is a determined leader who has demonstrated strong courage in the face of difficult challenges.
Our unity cannot be shattered by evil. 45.wh.gov/Bg8VnQ
"Melania and I are praying for every American who has been hurt, wounded, or lost the ones they love so dearly in this terrible, terrible attack. We pray for the entire nation to find unity and peace. And we pray for the day when evil is banished, and the innocent are safe from hatred and from fear.
May God bless the souls of the lives that are lost. May God give us the grace of healing. And may God provide the grieving families with strength to carry on."
We want every American to know the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck, and the satisfaction of a JOB WELL DONE.
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
With President Trump, we will all succeed together as one GREAT American family. Watch this week’s REAL news!
Under my Administration, the era of economic surrender is OVER – and the rebirth of American Industry has begun.
Join me for my Weekly Address, from the White House.
Thank you to FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency, our great Military & all First Responders who are working so hard, against terrible odds, in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
Let’s come together to deliver this giant WIN for the American people and begin the Middle Class Miracle once again! 45.wh.gov/ArTAY5
"To our fellow Americans impacted by Hurricane Maria: We will be here to support you until you recover better and stronger than ever before.
Please consider donating to the national disaster relief funds below:
· American Red Cross - http://rdcrss.org/2jel0FZ
· United for Puerto Rico: http://bit.ly/2xo405y
· Salvation Army - http://bit.ly/2xU6oPp
· Samaritan’s Purse - http://sampur.se/2xUgMGh
· ASPCA - http://bit.ly/2xOYnhb
· The Humane Society - http://bit.ly/2wZVMyG"
Welcome back Congressman Steve Scalise! #TeamScalise
We need Washington to PROMOTE American jobs instead of obstructing them. It's time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR nation, and to fight for OUR great American workers!🇺🇸
This is the right TAX CUT at the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed and grow TOGETHER – as one team, one people, and one American family!
Facebook was always anti-Trump. The Networks (Fake News) were always anti-Trump. But the PEOPLE were Pro-Trump! No President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months. #MAGA
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. America stands with you in confronting this evil that threatens all humanity. 🇺🇸🇪🇸
Always remember this: Do what you love. Study what you love. Follow your hearts, and you're going to be tremendously successful people. http://bit.ly/2fQ9xZb
America's hearts and prayers are with the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER!
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag — we MUST honor and respect it! SIGN to stand up for our flag, our heroes, and our country.>>> http://bit.ly/2wSjMXC🇺🇸
When President Trump won he sent this message to The Swamp: You will start working for the American PEOPLE. Now we must keep fighting to #MAGA! Harlan Z. Hill
This week President Trump delivered the world a message of strength, unity, and patriotism. This is true American leadership. This is REAL news.
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy & fulfill their promise to Repeal & Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States! A GREAT Bill!
Our hope is...a future of DIGNITY and PEACE for the people of this wonderful Earth. This is the true vision of the संयुक्त राष्ट्र.
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me! Now a close runoff — he won't let you down!
President Trump is a CHAMPION for the American taxpayer who knows that 30 years without major tax reform is too long. Tell your Senator and Congressman TODAY — I support President Trump’s tax plan! Madison Gesiotto
Today, I announced a new Executive Order with regard to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo.
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea. Stay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷#UNGA
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #UNGA
Join me live in NYC - as our bilateral meetings are underway! #UNGA
The United States is ready, willing and able...
On behalf of all Americans, First Lady Melania Trump and I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year! http://45.wh.gov/BNJys9
Honored to meet with President Abbas from the Palestinian Authority & his delegation, who have been working hard with everybody involved toward peace.
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!🇺🇸🇯🇴
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you - will be there to help!
Our success depends on a coalition of strong and independent nations that embrace their sovereignty to promote SECURITY, PROSPERITY, and PEACE for themselves and for the world.
As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst.🇺🇸
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon!
It was a great honor to be with President Emmanuel Macron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA
If we work together and champion truly bold reforms, the संयुक्त राष्ट्र will emerge as a stronger, more effective, more just, & greater force for PEACE & HARMONY in the world.
Happy 70th Birthday Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)!
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the United States Air Force! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a MUCH tougher manner. We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years. Must be proactive & nasty!
This week President Trump reminded us that when Americans are in need, Americans pull together — and we are ONE country. Watch for more real news⬇️
No deal was made last night on DACA...The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
We should be able to come together to make government work for THE PEOPLE — that’s why I was elected, that’s why I ran. This includes tax reform...
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
"To all effected by the recent natural disasters: We are here for you. Now is the time to unite as ONE America. To help others in need, please consider donating to the national disaster relief funds below:
· Save The Children - http://bit.ly/2ePkJrH
· The American Red Cross - http://rdcrss.org/2jel0FZ
· Salvation Army - http://bit.ly/2xU6oPp
· UNICEF - http://bit.ly/2xet7Zx
· The ASPCA - http://bit.ly/2vTqeNi
· Best Friends Animal Society - http://bit.ly/2wVLFgA
· The Humane Society - http://bit.ly/2wZVMyG
· Samaritan’s Purse - http://sampur.se/2xUgMGh
** RESIDENTS AND BUSINESS OWNERS WHO HAVE SUSTAINED LOSSES IN DESIGNATED COUNTIES CAN BEGIN APPLYING FOR ASSISTANCE BY REGISTERING ONLINE AT WWW.DISASTERASSISTANCE.GOV OR BY CALLING 1-800-621-FEMA (3362) OR 1-800-462-7585 (TTY) FOR THE HEARING AND SPEECH IMPAIRED."
Today we are reminded of the timeless truth that when America is united, no force on Earth can break us apart.
We send our prayers to everyone in the path of Hurricane Irma & to everyone suffering through the devastation of Hurricane Harvey. When Americans are in need, Americans pull together.
A moment of silence in remembrance of those lost on September 11th, 2001. We will never, ever forget.
No matter what challenge we face, President Trump leads our country with HEART and COMPASSION. Watch for more.
A message to my fellow Americans. #HurricaneIrma
Great honor to welcome Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait to The White House today.
"I'm asking all Americans — Republican, Democrat, & independent — to support pro-American tax reform. We're going to put AMERICA FIRST. 🇺🇸
Full Remarks: 45.wh.gov/FMJ2t4"
President Trump is doing his job — fighting for America. Our economy is WINNING again, Americans are WORKING again, our country is STRONG again. America is back! #MAGA➡️ http://bit.ly/2f7cvIk
"'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'
➡️http://45.wh.gov/Florida 
➡️http://45.wh.gov/PuertoRico 
➡️http://45.wh.gov/USVirginIslands"
"We're PROUD that our Presidential Medals are made by the great men and women of Medalcraft Mint, Inc. right here in the USA! With President Trump’s commitment to Buy American, Hire American and strong support for apprenticeships, we will continue to honor the dignity of work, the greatness of the American worker, and bring new opportunities to millions of Americans for years to come.
Get your medal TODAY to support the #MadeInAmerica movement>>> shop.donaldjtrump.com/products/presidential-medal"
Our economy is strong, our jobs are strong, & now we have a united front for the rest of the world. Joy Villa is PROUD to be an American because we are truly making America GREAT again!
"Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!
GOD BLESS TEXAS & GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸"
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with First Lady Melania Trump at Joint Base Andrews. We will see you soon. America is with you!
On behalf of First Lady Melania Trump & myself, THANK YOU for the update & GREAT WORK! SBC Disaster Relief, Send Relief, American Red Cross, & The Salvation Army USA.
This is our ONCE-IN-A-GENERATION opportunity to deliver REAL tax reform for everyday hardworking Americans!
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
This week President Trump reminded our country that we are all ONE AMERICAN FAMILY. Watch for more REAL news.
Texas and Louisiana: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD!
‪Hello #Missouri! Just landed at Springfield-Branson National Airport. Together, we will ALL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #USA‬
After witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey, my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
"We encourage all Americans to unite in this tragic moment to help our fellow Americans in need. You can donate to national disaster relief funds, including the following:
      ·   American Red Cross –www.redcross.org; 800-RED-CROSS; or text the word HARVEY to 90999 to make a $10 donation.
      ·   The Salvation Army –www.helpsalvationarmy.org; or 800-SAL-ARMY
      ·   The United Way -www.uwtexas.org/hurricane-harvey; or text UWFLOOD to 41444
      ·   The SPCA of Texas -https://www.spca.org/
      ·   The SPCA of Louisiana -https://www.la-spca.org/
      ·   The Houston Humane Society -http://www.houstonhumane.org/
      ·   The Louisiana Humane Society -http://news.humanela.org/"
We love you and we're here to take care of you. Texas can handle anything!
"SO MUCH SPIRIT TEXAS. WE LOVE YOU!
-POTUS & FLOTUS"
Right now the single most important thing is the safety and security of those still in harm's way, including the first responders. Protecting the lives of our people is my highest priority. #HurricaneHarvey
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
"Governor Greg Abbott - 
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you!"
President Trump had a BIG week – delivering a major address to the nation, visiting with U.S. Border Patrol, and rallying the #MAGA base in Arizona. TUNE IN to hear more!
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the U.S. Marine Corps Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America!
I requested that Mitch M & Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They didn't do it...
The American Legion embodies the spirit of patriotism that is the true source of our strength and the best hope for our future.
Fake News doesn’t get it. We all know that this is a movement of LOVE – we are all on the same team, we are ALL Americans, and we are all united by our love of our great country!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the FAKE NEWS MEDIA didn't cover fairly. People got it!
WATCH LIVE - President Donald J. Trump's rally in Phoenix, AZ!
Just landed in Yuma, Arizona. HELLO ARIZONA! #MAGA🇺🇸
THANK YOU to our amazing U.S. Marines and their families!!!
Just landed in Yuma, Arizona. HELLO ARIZONA!! #MAGA🇺🇸
Our troops will fight to WIN. We will fight to WIN.
"Vice President Pence, Secretary of State Tillerson, members of the Cabinet, General Dunford, Deputy Secretary Shanahan, and Colonel Duggan.  Most especially, thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer and every member of the United States military at home and abroad.
 We send our thoughts and prayers to the families of our brave sailors who were injured and lost after a tragic collision at sea, as well as to those conducting the search and recovery efforts.
 I am here tonight to lay out our path forward in Afghanistan and South Asia.  But before I provide the details of our new strategy, I want to say a few words to the servicemembers here with us tonight, to those watching from their posts, and to all Americans listening at home.
 Since the founding of our republic, our country has produced a special class of heroes whose selflessness, courage, and resolve is unmatched in human history.
 American patriots from every generation have given their last breath on the battlefield for our nation and for our freedom.  Through their lives -- and though their lives were cut short, in their deeds they achieved total immortality.
 By following the heroic example of those who fought to preserve our republic, we can find the inspiration our country needs to unify, to heal, and to remain one nation under God. The men and women of our military operate as one team, with one shared mission, and one shared sense of purpose. 
 They transcend every line of race, ethnicity, creed, and color to serve together -- and sacrifice together -- in absolutely perfect cohesion.  That is because all servicemembers are brothers and sisters.  They're all part of the same family; it's called the American family.  They take the same oath, fight for the same flag, and live according to the same law.  They are bound together by common purpose, mutual trust, and selfless devotion to our nation and to each other.
 The soldier understands what we, as a nation, too often forget that a wound inflicted upon a single member of our community is a wound inflicted upon us all.  When one part of America hurts, we all hurt.  And when one citizen suffers an injustice, we all suffer together.
 Loyalty to our nation demands loyalty to one another.  Love for America requires love for all of its people.  When we open our hearts to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice, no place for bigotry, and no tolerance for hate. 
 The young men and women we send to fight our wars abroad deserve to return to a country that is not at war with itself at home.  We cannot remain a force for peace in the world if we are not at peace with each other.
 As we send our bravest to defeat our enemies overseas -- and we will always win -- let us find the courage to heal our divisions within.  Let us make a simple promise to the men and women we ask to fight in our name that, when they return home from battle, they will find a country that has renewed the sacred bonds of love and loyalty that unite us together as one.
 Thanks to the vigilance and skill of the American military and of our many allies throughout the world, horrors on the scale of September 11th -- and nobody can ever forget that -- have not been repeated on our shores.     
 But we must also acknowledge the reality I am here to talk about tonight:  that nearly 16 years after September 11th attacks, after the extraordinary sacrifice of blood and treasure, the American people are weary of war without victory.  Nowhere is this more evident than with the war in Afghanistan, the longest war in American history -- 17 years. 
 I share the American people’s frustration.  I also share their frustration over a foreign policy that has spent too much time, energy, money, and most importantly lives, trying to rebuild countries in our own image, instead of pursuing our security interests above all other considerations.
 That is why, shortly after my inauguration, I directed Secretary of Defense Mattis and my national security team to undertake a comprehensive review of all strategic options in Afghanistan and South Asia.
 My original instinct was to pull out -- and, historically, I like following my instincts.  But all my life I've heard that decisions are much different when you sit behind the desk in the Oval Office; in other words, when you're President of the United States.  So I studied Afghanistan in great detail and from every conceivable angle.  After many meetings, over many months, we held our final meeting last Friday at Camp David, with my Cabinet and generals, to complete our strategy.  I arrived at three fundamental conclusions about America’s core interests in Afghanistan.
 First, our nation must seek an honorable and enduring outcome worthy of the tremendous sacrifices that have been made, especially the sacrifices of lives.  The men and women who serve our nation in combat deserve a plan for victory.  They deserve the tools they need, and the trust they have earned, to fight and to win.
 Second, the consequences of a rapid exit are both predictable and unacceptable.  9/11, the worst terrorist attack in our history, was planned and directed from Afghanistan because that country was ruled by a government that gave comfort and shelter to terrorists.  A hasty withdrawal would create a vacuum that terrorists, including ISIS and al Qaeda, would instantly fill, just as happened before September 11th.
 And, as we know, in 2011, America hastily and mistakenly withdrew from Iraq.  As a result, our hard-won gains slipped back into the hands of terrorist enemies.  Our soldiers watched as cities they had fought for, and bled to liberate, and won, were occupied by a terrorist group called ISIS.  The vacuum we created by leaving too soon gave safe haven for ISIS to spread, to grow, recruit, and launch attacks.  We cannot repeat in Afghanistan the mistake our leaders made in Iraq.
 Third and finally, I concluded that the security threats we face in Afghanistan and the broader region are immense.  Today, 20 U.S.-designated foreign terrorist organizations are active in Afghanistan and Pakistan -- the highest concentration in any region anywhere in the world.  
 For its part, Pakistan often gives safe haven to agents of chaos, violence, and terror.  The threat is worse because Pakistan and India are two nuclear-armed states whose tense relations threaten to spiral into conflict.  And that could happen. 
 No one denies that we have inherited a challenging and troubling situation in Afghanistan and South Asia, but we do not have the luxury of going back in time and making different or better decisions.  When I became President, I was given a bad and very complex hand, but I fully knew what I was getting into:  big and intricate problems.  But, one way or another, these problems will be solved -- I'm a problem solver -- and, in the end, we will win.
 We must address the reality of the world as it exists right now -- the threats we face, and the confronting of all of the problems of today, and extremely predictable consequences of a hasty withdrawal.
 We need look no further than last week’s vile, vicious attack in Barcelona to understand that terror groups will stop at nothing to commit the mass murder of innocent men, women and children.  You saw it for yourself.  Horrible.  
 As I outlined in my speech in Saudi Arabia three months ago, America and our partners are committed to stripping terrorists of their territory, cutting off their funding, and exposing the false allure of their evil ideology.
 Terrorists who slaughter innocent people will find no glory in this life or the next.  They are nothing but thugs, and criminals, and predators, and -- that's right -- losers.  Working alongside our allies, we will break their will, dry up their recruitment, keep them from crossing our borders, and yes, we will defeat them, and we will defeat them handily.
 In Afghanistan and Pakistan, America’s interests are clear: We must stop the resurgence of safe havens that enable terrorists to threaten America, and we must prevent nuclear weapons and materials from coming into the hands of terrorists and being used against us, or anywhere in the world for that matter.
 But to prosecute this war, we will learn from history.  As a result of our comprehensive review, American strategy in Afghanistan and South Asia will change dramatically in the following ways:
 A core pillar of our new strategy is a shift from a time-based approach to one based on conditions.  I’ve said it many times how counterproductive it is for the United States to announce in advance the dates we intend to begin, or end, military options.  We will not talk about numbers of troops or our plans for further military activities.
 Conditions on the ground -- not arbitrary timetables -- will guide our strategy from now on.  America’s enemies must never know our plans or believe they can wait us out.  I will not say when we are going to attack, but attack we will.
 Another fundamental pillar of our new strategy is the integration of all instruments of American power -- diplomatic, economic, and military -- toward a successful outcome.
 Someday, after an effective military effort, perhaps it will be possible to have a political settlement that includes elements of the Taliban in Afghanistan, but nobody knows if or when that will ever happen.  America will continue its support for the Afghan government and the Afghan military as they confront the Taliban in the field. 
 Ultimately, it is up to the people of Afghanistan to take ownership of their future, to govern their society, and to achieve an everlasting peace.  We are a partner and a friend, but we will not dictate to the Afghan people how to live, or how to govern their own complex society.  We are not nation-building again.  We are killing terrorists.
 The next pillar of our new strategy is to change the approach and how to deal with Pakistan.  We can no longer be silent about Pakistan’s safe havens for terrorist organizations, the Taliban, and other groups that pose a threat to the region and beyond.  Pakistan has much to gain from partnering with our effort in Afghanistan.  It has much to lose by continuing to harbor criminals and terrorists.
 In the past, Pakistan has been a valued partner.  Our militaries have worked together against common enemies.  The Pakistani people have suffered greatly from terrorism and extremism.  We recognize those contributions and those sacrifices.  
 But Pakistan has also sheltered the same organizations that try every single day to kill our people.  We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting.  But that will have to change, and that will change immediately.  No partnership can survive a country’s harboring of militants and terrorists who target U.S. servicemembers and officials.  It is time for Pakistan to demonstrate its commitment to civilization, order, and to peace. 
 Another critical part of the South Asia strategy for America is to further develop its strategic partnership with India -- the world’s largest democracy and a key security and economic partner of the United States.  We appreciate India’s important contributions to stability in Afghanistan, but India makes billions of dollars in trade with the United States, and we want them to help us more with Afghanistan, especially in the area of economic assistance and development.  We are committed to pursuing our shared objectives for peace and security in South Asia and the broader Indo-Pacific region.
 Finally, my administration will ensure that you, the brave defenders of the American people, will have the necessary tools and rules of engagement to make this strategy work, and work effectively and work quickly.
 I have already lifted restrictions the previous administration placed on our warfighters that prevented the Secretary of Defense and our commanders in the field from fully and swiftly waging battle against the enemy.  Micromanagement from Washington, D.C. does not win battles.  They are won in the field drawing upon the judgment and expertise of wartime commanders and frontline soldiers acting in real time, with real authority, and with a clear mission to defeat the enemy.
 That’s why we will also expand authority for American armed forces to target the terrorist and criminal networks that sow violence and chaos throughout Afghanistan.  These killers need to know they have nowhere to hide; that no place is beyond the reach of American might and Americans arms.  Retribution will be fast and powerful.
 As we lift restrictions and expand authorities in the field, we are already seeing dramatic results in the campaign to defeat ISIS, including the liberation of Mosul in Iraq. 
 Since my inauguration, we have achieved record-breaking success in that regard.  We will also maximize sanctions and other financial and law enforcement actions against these networks to eliminate their ability to export terror.  When America commits its warriors to battle, we must ensure they have every weapon to apply swift, decisive, and overwhelming force.  
 Our troops will fight to win.  We will fight to win.  From now on, victory will have a clear definition:  attacking our enemies, obliterating ISIS, crushing al Qaeda, preventing the Taliban from taking over Afghanistan, and stopping mass terror attacks against America before they emerge. 
 We will ask our NATO allies and global partners to support our new strategy with additional troop and funding increases in line with our own.  We are confident they will.  Since taking office, I have made clear that our allies and partners must contribute much more money to our collective defense, and they have done so.
 In this struggle, the heaviest burden will continue to be borne by the good people of Afghanistan and their courageous armed forces.  As the prime minister of Afghanistan has promised, we are going to participate in economic development to help defray the cost of this war to us.  
 Afghanistan is fighting to defend and secure their country against the same enemies who threaten us.  The stronger the Afghan security forces become, the less we will have to do.  Afghans will secure and build their own nation and define their own future.  We want them to succeed. 
 But we will no longer use American military might to construct democracies in faraway lands, or try to rebuild other countries in our own image.  Those days are now over.  Instead, we will work with allies and partners to protect our shared interests.  We are not asking others to change their way of life, but to pursue common goals that allow our children to live better and safer lives.  This principled realism will guide our decisions moving forward. 
 Military power alone will not bring peace to Afghanistan or stop the terrorist threat arising in that country.  But strategically applied force aims to create the conditions for a political process to achieve a lasting peace.
 America will work with the Afghan government as long as we see determination and progress.  However, our commitment is not unlimited, and our support is not a blank check.  The government of Afghanistan must carry their share of the military, political, and economic burden.  The American people expect to see real reforms, real progress, and real results.  Our patience is not unlimited.  We will keep our eyes wide open.
 In abiding by the oath I took on January 20th, I will remain steadfast in protecting American lives and American interests.  In this effort, we will make common cause with any nation that chooses to stand and fight alongside us against this global threat.  Terrorists take heed:  America will never let up until you are dealt a lasting defeat.
 Under my administration, many billions of dollars more is being spent on our military.  And this includes vast amounts being spent on our nuclear arsenal and missile defense.
 In every generation, we have faced down evil, and we have always prevailed.  We prevailed because we know who we are and what we are fighting for. 
 Not far from where we are gathered tonight, hundreds of thousands of America’s greatest patriots lay in eternal rest at Arlington National Cemetery.  There is more courage, sacrifice, and love in those hallowed grounds than in any other spot on the face of the Earth.
 Many of those who have fought and died in Afghanistan enlisted in the months after September 11th, 2001.  They volunteered for a simple reason:  They loved America, and they were determined to protect her.
 Now we must secure the cause for which they gave their lives.  We must unite to defend America from its enemies abroad.  We must restore the bonds of loyalty among our citizens at home, and we must achieve an honorable and enduring outcome worthy of the enormous price that so many have paid.  
 Our actions, and in the months to come, all of them will honor the sacrifice of every fallen hero, every family who lost a loved one, and every wounded warrior who shed their blood in defense of our great nation.  With our resolve, we will ensure that your service and that your families will bring about the defeat of our enemies and the arrival of peace.
 We will push onward to victory with power in our hearts, courage in our souls, and everlasting pride in each and every one of you.
 Thank you.  May God bless our military.  And may God bless the United States of America.  Thank you very much.  Thank you. 
President Donald J. Trump"
We are not nation-building again. We are killing terrorists. We'll push onward to VICTORY with power in our hearts, courage in our souls, and everlasting pride.
The dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! They won’t talk about the things that matter to the American people, like the TREMENDOUS economic success we’ve had since I took office. Big things are happening!
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! #MAGA🇺🇸
Want to hear about President Trump’s week? Join us for REAL news!
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
"ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS - DISCUSSES SANCTUARY CITIES - MIAMI, FLORIDA
Too many Americans are victimized by sanctuary city policies whether it be theft, robbery, drugs, assault, battery, and even murder. At its root, Sanctuary Cities represent a rejection of our immigration laws and a declaration of open borders. It's time to put an end to the lawlessness #NoSanctuaryForCriminals!
Lawless Sanctuary Cities provide safe harbor to some of the most lethal gangs and dangerous criminals in our country. Sanctuary Cities are a trafficker, smuggler, and/or predator's best friend. We will not tolerate the loss of innocent life because a handful of jurisdictions believe that they are above the law.
To all ""sanctuary"" jurisdictions across the country: work with us to enforce a lawful immigration system that keeps us safe and serves our national interest. 
-Attorney General Jeff Sessions"
No longer will we allow the infrastructure of our magnificent country to crumble and decay. Our infrastructure will again be the BEST in the world.
We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker — it's about time. #AmericaFirst
President Trump's plan to #MAGA is WORKING — 1 million jobs created, unemployment at a 16-year low, stock market at an all-time high, & military at its strongest. Let our President do his JOB!
Join Lara Trump as she brings you the latest news from the President's week. #MAGA
After todays National Security Briefing - I hosted a press conference in Bedminster, New Jersey. Join me!
It’s about time someone stood up for the people of our country.
Incredible JOB numbers, consumer confidence at 16-year high ⬆️ and unemployment at 16-year low ⬇️. We're Making America GREAT Again!
The Trump base is far bigger &  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling)!
"Join Kayleigh McEnany as she provides you the news of the week from Trump Tower in New York! #MAGA #TeamTrump
Paid for by Donald J. Trump for President, Inc."
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts & reform!
WATCH LIVE - President Donald J. Trump's rally in Huntington, WV!
Unemployment is at a 16-year low. The media doesn't like to talk about it, but your jobs are coming back — BIG LEAGUE!
Today, I announced another historic breakthrough for the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA
"See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Tickets: http://www.DonaldJTrump.com"
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at RECORD levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen! #MAGA 🇺🇸
Great to be joined by Senator Tom Cotton and Senator David Perdue today to introduce legislation that would represent the MOST SIGNIFICANT reform to our immigration system in half a century.
DOW hit 22,000 for the first time EVER! Stock market is BOOMING with incredible spirit and optimism! #MAGA
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above & beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, & OUR FREEDOM!
America is on the verge of a GOLDEN AGE for small business.
Specialist Five McCloughan: We honor you. We salute you. And with God as your witness, we thank you for what you did for all of us. http://bit.ly/2tSKry2
Truly great things are happening — highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!
"Want to know what President Trump did this week? Watch here for REAL news!
Paid for by Donald J. Trump for President, Inc."
"The power of the #MAGA movement is absolutely incredible. Show your support!
DONATE TODAY: http://bit.ly/2v0OfRB"
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE! Get smart!
We will defend our country, protect our communities, and put the safety of the American people FIRST! #AmericaFirst
We will not rest until MS-13 is eradicated. We will ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police!
"SHOW YOUR SUPPORT! Any amount that you can donate would be greatly appreciated!
 DONATE TODAY: http://bit.ly/2v0OfRB"
America’s capabilities are limitless, America’s workers are unmatched, and America’s most prosperous days are just ahead. http://bit.ly/2v1fsDC #MadeInTheUSA
Record numbers for close on July 26th. Optimism way up! Keep winning! #MAGA
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! #MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸
"Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to The White House today! 
Full Remarks: http://45.wh.gov/c4pp6K"
We’re celebrating American Heroes Week at The White House! Add this frame to your profile picture and show your support for our GREAT American heroes!
Joined our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio last night. A grateful nation salutes you! 🇺🇸
WATCH LIVE - President Donald J. Trump's rally in Youngstown, OH!
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action!
Despite the Fake News and phony witch hunt, GREAT things are happening!
Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE & CHERISH your country! #2017Jambo
"Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine with the #OCareNightmare! 
Full Remarks: http://45.wh.gov/Nn9Wsz"
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & Replace after years of talking & campaigning on it. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
ICYMI: A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it, and the American sailor is the BEST anywhere in the world. #USSGeraldRFord http://bit.ly/2uQYyqI
"To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:
☑️Keep the watch🇺🇸
☑️Protect her🇺🇸
☑️Defend her🇺🇸
☑️LOVE HER🇺🇸
Good Luck & Godspeed!"
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us. FAKE NEWS.
"Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to The White House. #HonorThem🇺🇸
Remarks: http://45.wh.gov/4tYXA7"
One year ago tonight, I accepted my nomination for the presidency of the United States of America, and I promised you — “I'm WITH you, I will FIGHT for you, and I will WIN for you.” We won, and we are making America GREAT again!
"Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTH that is making America FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS RICHER." - Varney & Co.
Billions of dollars in investments & thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck & Pfizer: http://45.wh.gov/jKxBRE
One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening, and we are just getting started! #MAGA
Tired of all the fake news? Make sure to ‘Like’ our page and stay up-to-date on all of the President’s work!
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with Vice President Mike Pence, U.S. Secretary of Defense, and our great teams. #MAGA🇺🇸
"If we want to make America great again, we have to protect the integrity of the vote and our voters.  
Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity Meeting: 45.wh.gov/CZ2wu9"
It’s time for a new policy — one defined by two simple rules:  We will BUY AMERICAN and we will HIRE AMERICAN. #MadeInAmerica
"We will protect our workers, promote our industry, and be proud of our history because we will put AMERICA FIRST.
#MadeInAmerica: 45.wh.gov/rxrYZB"
We want to build, create, and grow more products in OUR country using American labor, American goods, and American grit! #MadeInAmerica
My signature #MAGA hats are 100% Made In the USA by American workers. It’s #MadeInAmerica week, and they’re selling FAST! Use code MAGA to get yours 20% off: http://bit.ly/2vdXZVN
Remember in the old days they used to have "Made in the USA", "Made in America"? We’re going to start doing that again. #MadeInAmerica
Today I'll be joined by companies from all 50 states to celebrate their products that are proudly #MadeInAmerica. BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! 🇺🇸 http://45.wh.gov/7A2tnq
"Congratulations to Kendal and Greyson! These are the people who make our #MAGA movement possible. Thank you!
Sign up to learn about future events: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/100"
After all of these years of suffering through ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised and get a HealthCare bill approved! I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
"America and France will never be defeated or divided." #BastilleDay >>> http://45.wh.gov/HR4k3W
"Statement from President Donald J. Trump on United States Secret Service 152nd Anniversary
My family and I send our congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the United States Secret Service as it proudly celebrates its 152nd anniversary.
The Secret Service, most renowned for ensuring the personal protection of our Nation’s top officials and their families, began protecting the President in 1901, following President McKinley’s assassination.  Every day, the elite Federal law enforcement officials of the Secret Service willingly put their lives on the line to ensure the security of the President, the Vice President, our former Presidents, the heads of visiting foreign governments, and many others. 
As President of the United States, I am honored to recognize the men and women of the Secret Service for their hard work and dedication.  Melania and I are especially thankful for those who selflessly stand by our side to safeguard our family every day.  We are privileged to benefit from the unfailing professionalism and skill of these extraordinary men and women.
Together, we send our very best wishes for success to Director Randolph “Tex” Alles and we pray for the continued safety of the entire United States Secret Service family."
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over.
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, businesses, & automakers.
Very good meetings with President Moon of South Korea. A lot accomplished, including discussions on North Korea and a new trade deal!
When it comes to the future of America’s energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT. #EnergyWeek
Statement on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. Now that the House has acted, I urged the Senate to take up these bills, pass them, and send them to my desk. 45.wh.gov/PdWCQa
Today, the House votes on two crucial bills — No Sanctuary For Criminals Act and Kate's Law. Let's pass these bills and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago Cubs to the White House this afternoon. Congratulations!
"From my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy.  #EnergyWeek
Full remarks: http://bit.ly/2siJqCk"
"JOIN US LIVE from the Cabinet Room- 
IMMIGRATION ROUNDTABLE....
We are here today to discuss two crucial votes taking place in Congress tomorrow on vital public safety and national security legislation.
We are joined by the Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Bob Goodlatte.  Bob is one of the most skilled legislators in Congress, and he has worked with law enforcement to write a series of critical immigration bills that will close dangerous loopholes exploited by criminals, gang members, drug dealers, killers, and terrorists. 
Also with us today are Congressmen Peter King, Lou Barletta, and David Young. 
Tomorrow, the House will vote on the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, which will cut federal grant money to cities that shield dangerous criminal aliens from being turned over to federal law enforcement.
The House will also vote on Kate’s Law – named for Kate Steinle, who was killed by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times. This law will enhance criminal penalties for those who repeatedly re-enter the country illegally.
Countless innocent Americans – including the loved ones of many families in the room with us today – have been killed by illegal immigrants with multiple deportations.
I am especially honored to be here with so many courageousfamilies whom I got to know so well during the campaign. 
You lost the people you loved because our government refused to enforce our nation’s immigration laws. 
For years, the pundits, journalists and politicians in Washington refused to hear your voices.  But, on Election Day 2016, your voices were heard across THE ENTIRE WORLD.
Chairman Goodlatte has produced a package of truly key immigration enforcement bills.  This package includes the Davis-Oliver Act – whose passage I called for nearly a year ago at my immigration speech in Phoenix, Arizona. 
The Davis-Oliver Act was named for Detective Michael Davis and Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver, who were gunned down in the line of duty by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record and two prior deportations. 
Their incredibly brave widows honored us with their presence at my address to Congress.  Today we are privileged to be joined by Melissa Oliver, the daughter of Deputy Sheriff Oliver. Melissa, your father was a HERO and we will never forget him.
We are calling on ALL members of Congress to honor grieving American Families by passing these life-savingmeasures in the House, IN THE SENATE, and sending them to my desk for signature.  It is time to support our police, to protect our families, and to SAVE AMERICAN LIVES.
So with that, I’d like to ask each of the families and invited guests to say a few words and to share your stories with the American People, beginning with my good friend Jamiel Shaw."
Great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare today. They really want to get it right, unlike ObamaCare, which is melting down!
Wow, CNN had to retract big story, with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? What about NBC, CBS, & ABC? What about the failing New York Times & Washington Post? FAKE NEWS!
GREAT NEWS and big victory for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, and WIN!
It was a great honor to welcome the leader of the world’s largest democracy, Narendra Modi, to the White House today. The relationship between India and the United States has never been stronger!
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, all they do is delay and complain. President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. There is no collusion & no obstruction — I should be given an apology!
I am fighting for YOU! Fighting for your hopes, because your hopes are my hopes, and your dreams are my dreams.
I was elected to serve THE PEOPLE — all 50 states and all 320 million Americans. And that’s what I’m doing. #MAGA
We're keeping our promises. We're not going to let the same failed and tired voices in Washington keep us from delivering the CHANGE you voted for and the change that YOU DESERVE!
No matter our beliefs, no matter our party, it's time for us to remember that we are ALL AMERICANS and we are in this TOGETHER.
Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability Act into law, delivering on my promise to our American HEROES!
The Fake News won’t tell you about the many Legislative Bills we've passed, or the massive amounts of bad regulations we've eliminated! Mostly with no Democratic support. Nice!
First Lady Melania Trump and I were honored to host our first White House Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening and tradition.
History is written by the DREAMERS, not the doubters.
Why did the Democratic National Committee turn down the Department of Homeland Security’s offer to protect against hacks and REFUSE to turn over its server to the FBI (and still hasn’t)? It’s all a big Dem HOAX! #DrainTheSwamp
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
WATCH LIVE - President Donald J. Trump's rally in Cedar Rapids, IA!
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare, Tax Cuts, Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
"It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the White House yesterday with Vice President Mike Pence. 
—> http://45.wh.gov/zfnsbA"
We’re embracing big change, bold thinking, and outsider perspectives to transform government and make it the way it should be. #TechWeek
The Democrats don’t want you to know how much we’ve accomplished. While they do nothing but obstruct and distract, we continue to work hard on fulfilling our promises to YOU!
Melania and I were honored to welcome President Juan Carlos Varela and Mrs. Varela of Panama to the White House today.
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Fake News!
I am canceling the last administration’s completely one-sided deal with Cuba, and seeking a MUCH better deal for the Cuban people and for the United States of America.
Now that I am President, America will expose the crimes of the Castro regime and stand with the Cuban people in their struggle for freedom.
Despite the phony witch hunt going on in America, we are doing GREAT! Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up! #MAGA
We are all united by our love of our GREAT and beautiful country.
"Today we celebrate the dignity of work and the greatness of the American worker.
Expanding Apprenticeships in America: http://bit.ly/2stwYia"
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history — led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
Melania and I are grateful for the heroism of our first responders and praying for the swift recovery of all victims of this terrible shooting. Please take a moment today to cherish those you love, and always remember those who serve and keep us safe.
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It’s totally broken. The Obstructionist Democrats gave up, but we’re going to have a real bill, not ObamaCare!
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
The fake news MSM doesn't report the great economic news we've had since Election Day. All of our hard work is kicking in and we're seeing big results!
Finally held our first full Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and bring REAL CHANGE to Washington.
The process to build is painfully slow, costly, and time consuming. My administration will END these terrible delays once and for all!
I was not elected to continue a failed system. I was elected to CHANGE IT.
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
One million new jobs, historic increases in military spending, and a record reduction in illegal immigration (75%). AMERICA FIRST!
We will not let other countries take advantage of the United States anymore. We are bringing back OUR jobs!
We are keeping our promises — reversing government overreach and returning power back to the people, the way the country started.
From now on, we will follow a very simple rule — every day that I am President, we are going to make AMERICA FIRST.
Our government will once again CELEBRATE and PROTECT religious freedom.
We will REBUILD this country because that is how we will Make America Great Again!
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, and yes, to put #AmericaFirst!
The American People deserve the best infrastructure in the world!
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology...Perhaps this will be the beginning of the END to the horror of terrorism!
The FAKE mainstream media is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. I will not stop bringing my message directly to YOU, the American People!
"Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!
>>>http://45.wh.gov/pmRJsy"
Secretary Shulkin's decision to modernize the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs medical records system is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best!
"We need the Travel Ban — not the watered down, politically correct version the Justice Department submitted to the Supreme Court, but a MUCH TOUGHER version!
We cannot rely on the MSM to get the facts to the people. Spread this message. SHARE NOW."
We will do everything in our power to assist the U.K. We send our thoughts and prayers, and we renew our resolve — stronger than ever before — to protect the United States and its allies. This bloodshed MUST END.
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse.
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
Today we reaffirmed our unbreakable support for the American HEROES who keep our streets, our homes, and our citizens safe.
I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris —  so we’re getting out of the Paris Accord, and we’re making America GREAT again!
In order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America and its citizens, the United States will withdraw from the one-sided Paris Climate Accord. We will no longer be robbed at the expense of the American worker. We are putting America FIRST!
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to The White House this afternoon.
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at: http://45.wh.gov/tnmVr7
"Buy American and hire American. Make sure your #MAGA hat isn't FAKE by watching how our hats are 100% #MadeInTheUSA!
Get the authentic hat today: shop.donaldjtrump.com/collections/headwear"
We honor the noblest among us -- the men and women who paid the ultimate price for victory and for freedom.
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸
Honored to speak to our military at Naval Air Station Sigonella before returning home from an amazing trip abroad.
Wonderful meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan earlier today.
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
We must be tough. We must be strong. And we must be vigilant.
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEACE in our world.
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in SAFETY and in PEACE.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu - בנימין נתניהו and President Reuven Ruvi Rivlin - ראובן רובי ריבלין - on behalf of First Lady Melania Trump and myself, thank you for the invitation to join you today! 🇺🇸🇮🇱
Incredibly honored to be in the great State of Israel. The United States and Israel are not only longtime friends – we are great allies and partners. We stand together always!
Terrorism has spread across the world. DRIVE THEM OUT of your places of worship. DRIVE THEM OUT of your communities. DRIVE THEM OUT of your holy land, and DRIVE THEM OUT OF THIS EARTH!
I ask you to join me, to join together, to work together, and to FIGHT together — because UNITED, WE WILL NOT FAIL.
It was a pleasure to have Juan Manuel Santos - Presidente of Colombia with us at the White House today!
I didn’t get elected to serve the Washington media or special interests — I got elected to serve the forgotten men and women of our country!
It was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, to the White House today!
I have been asking Director Comey & others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community...
"Great honor to address America's heroes at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. May today be the beginning of a new era of respect and appreciation for law enforcement. #NationalPoliceWeek
WATCH: http://45.wh.gov/bLxeyb"
Today, First Lady Melania Trump hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of The White House. It was an honor to stop by, say hello, & introduce Melania!
We're taking much needed action to protect U.S. cybersecurity and keep Americans SAFE! http://bit.ly/2qdAJF9
China has agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
Jobless claims are at the lowest level in more than 28 years. We’re putting America back to work! >>> 45.wh.gov/KcXFB7
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace! #DrainTheSwamp
Dems have been complaining for months & months about Director Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to The White House last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers! #NationalTeachersDay
"General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
...
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel."
Promises made, promises kept. My administration is working hard and delivering results for the American people!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS  — 211,000 new jobs and unemployment rate at a 10-year low!
The totally biased media will only support free speech when it serves THEIR views. Very sad that the media chooses to put their political opinions above the American people! >>> donaldjtrump.com/media/all-mainstream-tv-networks-block-paid-campaign-ad-setting-a-chilling-preced
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
Last night it was an honor to welcome Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull  to America and join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea.
Thanks to the hard work of so many incredible people, the days of disastrous Obamacare are finally coming to an end. Now we can move forward with a GREAT plan for better healthcare for the PEOPLE!
"We will not allow people of faith to be targeted, bullied, or silenced anymore. We will PROTECT religious liberty in the United States of America!
WATCH full remarks: http://bit.ly/2qEudHj"
It was a great honor to welcome President Abbas to The White House today. We're hoping for a great agreement between the Palestinians and Israel that allows both peoples to live in safety and in peace.
"CNN BLOCKS President Donald J. Trump FIRST 100 DAYS AD:
It is absolutely shameful to see the media blocking the positive message that I am trying to share with the country. We will fight back – OUR message will not be silenced by FAKE and BIAS news! >>> donaldjtrump.com/100"
It was a pleasure to welcome community bankers to The White House today. We're working together to help Americans achieve their financial dreams so that we can make America great again!
The mainstream media (FAKE NEWS) refuses to acknowledge the tremendous success we’ve accomplished in my first 100 days as President. I’ve done more than any other president in recent history, and continue to keep my promises to you, the American people! #MAGA >>> donaldjtrump.com/100/
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors. New healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums & deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
WATCH LIVE - President Donald J. Trump's rally in HARRISBURG, PA.
"The eight-year assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end...As your President, I will never, ever infringe on the right of the people to keep and bear arms."
"Today we're unleashing American energy and clearing the way for thousands and thousands of high-paying American energy JOBS!
America-First Offshore Energy Strategy: http://bit.ly/2pqbPlw"
"With the Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, we are sending a strong message — those who fail our veterans will be held, for the first time, accountable. 
http://45.wh.gov/GSrvb2"
This Presidential Memorandum directs Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross to prioritize a U.S. Department of Commerce investigation into aluminum imports and threats to national security: http://45.wh.gov/rGqJES
It was wonderful to have President Mauricio Macri of Argentina, a great friend for many years, at The White House today.
With the Education Federalism Executive Order, we are empowering parents and teachers to ensure that our children have the bright, beautiful future they deserve! 45.wh.gov/hpoJya
Today, I signed the 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act' at the U.S. Department of the Interior — ending another abuse of federal power, and returning that power to the people. http://45.wh.gov/sEyoN8
Congratulations to our new Secretary of Agriculture, Sonny Perdue! We’re getting to work IMMEDIATELY to eliminate unnecessary regulations and to promote agriculture and rural prosperity across America. 45.wh.gov/UDWud3
"We're restoring prosperity, protecting our citizens, and making our government accountable to the PEOPLE -- this is just the beginning! 
See more: http://wh.gov/100-Days"
"United States Holocaust Memorial ‘Days of Remembrance’ Event
--------------------------------------
Friends, Members of Congress, Ambassadors, Veterans and, most especially, to the Survivors here with us today: it is an honor to join you on this solemn occasion. I am deeply moved to stand before those who survived history’s darkest hour. Your cherished presence transforms this place into a sacred gathering.
Thank you, Tom Bernstein, Alan Holt, Sara Bloomfield, and everyone at the Holocaust Memorial Council and Museum for your vital work and tireless contributions.
We are privileged to be joined by Israel’s Ambassador to the United States, Ron Dermer. The State of Israel is an eternal monument to the undying strength of the Jewish People. A fervent dream that burned in the hearts of the oppressed, is now filled with the breath of life – and the Star of David waves atop a great nation arisen from the desert.
To those in the audience who have served America in uniform: our country thanks you. We are proud and grateful to be joined today by Veterans of the Second World War who liberated survivors from the Camps. Your sacrifice helped save freedom for the world. 
Sadly, this year marks the first Day of Remembrance since the passing of Elie Wiesel.
His absence leaves an empty space in our hearts, but his spirit fills this room – it is the kind and gentle spirit of an angel who lived through hell, and whose courage still lights the path from darkness.
Though ELL-EE’s story is well known, it is always worth repeating. He suffered the unthinkable horrors of the Holocaust. His mother and sister perished at Auschwitz. He watched his father slowly dying before his own young eyes in Buchenwald. He lived through an endless nightmare of murder and death – and he inscribed on our collective conscience the duty we have to remember that long dark night so as never to repeat it.
The Survivors in this hall, through their testimony, fulfill the righteous duty to never forget – and engrave into the world’s memory the Nazi Genocide of the Jewish People.
You witnessed evil beyond description. Many of you lost your entire family – everything and everyone you loved. You saw mothers and children led to mass slaughter. You saw the starvation and the torture. You saw the organized attempt at the extermination of an entire people. You survived the ghettos, the Concentration Camps and the Death Camps. And you persevered to tell your stories. You tell of these living nightmares because, despite your great pain, you believe in ELL-EE’s famous plea, that “For the dead and the living, we must bear witness.”  
That is why we are here today. To remember and to bear witness. To make sure that humanity, never, ever forgets. The Nazis massacred 6 million Jews. Two out of every three Jews in Europe were murdered in the genocide. Millions more innocent people were imprisoned and executed by the Nazis without mercy.
Yet, even today, there are those who want to forget the past – worse still, there are even those filled with such hate that they want to erase the Holocaust from history. Those who deny the Holocaust are an accomplice to its evil, and we will never be silent in the face of evil again.
Denying the Holocaust is only one of many forms of dangerous Anti-Semitism that continue around the world. We’ve seen Anti-Semitism on university campuses, in the public square, and in threats against Jewish citizens. Even worse, it’s been on display in the most sinister manner when terrorists attack Jewish Communities – or when aggressors threaten Israel with destruction.
This is my pledge to you: 
We will confront Anti-Semitism. 
We will stamp out prejudice.  
We will condemn hatred.  
We will bear witness. 
And we will act.
As President of the United States, I will always stand with the Jewish people – and I will always stand with our great friend and partner, the State of Israel.
So today, we remember the 6 million Jewish men, women and children whose lives and dreams were stolen from this earth. 
We remember the millions of other innocent victims the Nazis so brutally targeted and killed.
We remember the survivors who bore more than we can imagine.
We remember the hatred and evil that sought to extinguish human life, dignity, and freedom.
But we also remember the light that shone through the darkness.
We remember sisters and brothers who gave everything to those they loved – survivors like Steven Springfield who in the long death march carried his brother on his back. As he said, “I just couldn’t give in.”
We remember the brave souls who banded together to save the lives of their neighbors – even at the risk of their own.
And we remember those first hopeful moments of liberation, when at long last the American soldiers arrived in camps and cities throughout occupied Europe – waving the same beautiful flags before us today, speaking those three glorious words: “you are free.”
It is this love of freedom, this embrace of human dignity – this call to courage in the face of evil – that the Survivors here today have helped to write onto our hearts. The Jewish people have endured oppression, persecution, and those who have sought and planned their destruction. Yet, through the suffering, they have persevered. They have thrived. And they have enlightened the world.
We stand in awe of the unbreakable spirit of the Jewish People.
I want to close with a story – enshrined in the Museum – that captures the moment of liberation in the final days of the war.
It is the story of Gerda Klein, a young Jewish woman from Poland. Some of you know her. Gerda’s family was murdered by the Nazis. She spent three years imprisoned in labor camps – and the last four months of the war on a terrible death march. At the end, on the eve of her 21st birthday, her hair had lost all of its color, and she weighed a mere 68 pounds. Yet she had the will to live another day.  
 Gerda later recalled the moment she realized that her long-awaited deliverance had arrived. She saw a car coming towards her. Many cars had driven up before. But this one was different. On its hood, in place of that wretched swastika, was a bright, beautiful white star.
 Two American soldiers got out. One walked up to her. The first thing Gerda said was what she had been trained to say: “We are Jewish, you know.”
 That American soldier paused. And then he said, “so am I.”
 It was a beautiful moment after so much darkness.
 As Gerda took this solider to see the other prisoners, the American did something she had long forgotten to even expect: he opened the door for her.
 In Gerda’s words, “that was the moment of restoration of humanity, of humaneness, dignity, and freedom.”
 But the story does not end there. Because as some of you know, that young American soldier who liberated her, and who showed her such decency, would soon become her husband. A year later, they were married.
 In her words, “He opened not only the door for me, but the door to my life and my future.”
 Gerda has since spent her life telling the world of what she witnessed. She, like those Survivors among us today, has dedicated her life to shining a light of hope through the dark of night.
 Your courage strengthens us. Your voices inspire us. And your stories remind us that we must never, ever, shrink away from telling the truth about evil in our time.
 Evil is always seeking to wage war against the innocent, and to destroy all that is good and beautiful about our common humanity.
 But evil can only thrive in darkness.
 And what you have brought us today is so much more powerful than evil. You have brought us hope. Hope that love will conquer hatred, that right will defeat wrong, and that peace will rise from the ashes of war.
 Each Survivor here today is a beacon of light – and it only takes one light to illuminate even the darkest space. Just like it takes only one truth to crush a thousand lies, and one hero to change the course of history.
 We know that in the end, good will triumph over evil.  And that as long as we refuse to close our eyes, or to silence our voices, we know that justice will ultimately prevail.
 So today we mourn. We remember. We pray. And we pledge: NEVER AGAIN.
 Thank you. God bless you, and God bless America.
Donald J. Trump
President of the United States of America"
Great honor to host Ambassador Nikki Haley and संयुक्त राष्ट्र Security Council Ambassadors with their spouses at The White House today. http://bit.ly/2pYzQ2J
"Yesterday I signed three presidential directives to further protect our workers and our taxpayers.
Executive Order: http://45.wh.gov/HirRFJ"
Welcome home Aya Hijazi! It was a great honor to have you at The White House today!
Behind the scenes- he captured 18 months of historical photos, videos, Facebook Live's and special moments from the campaign, thru an iPhone - and delivered it to you here on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Now in The White House, Dan Scavino joins Jesse Watters tomorrow night at 8pmE on FOXNews.
A great honor to host Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at The White House this afternoon!
We are going to use American steel, we are going to use American labor, and we are going to come FIRST in all deals. http://45.wh.gov/7xvM2D
It was a great honor to host the Super Bowl Champion New England Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations!
"We will protect those who protect us! 
Watch the signing of S. 544: 45.wh.gov/7x5n53"
America is a nation of builders. We can accomplish so much when we stand up for our workers and for our companies! #BuyAmericanHireAmerican
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
Very honored to host the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll with First Lady Melania Trump today. Great tradition and wonderful time!
"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. Fox & Friends
"This year we celebrate National Park Week and America's pioneering spirit. All Americans should enjoy our incredible lands!
www.nps.gov/findapark/national-park-week.htm"
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening! #AmericaFirst
Working together, we will develop real strategies to achieve safety, security and peace for our citizens.
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
A truly momentous occasion in our democracy — the swearing-in of Justice Neil Gorsuch to the United States Supreme Court.
CNN's narrative failed when a 2013 Syrian chemical attack survivor ridicules Hillary Clinton and not my Administration.
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
"Last night, we ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the horrible chemical attack was launched. 
No child of God should ever suffer such horror. We call on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria."
Our country, our values, our very way of life, endures because of these HEROES — it endures because brave Americans rise up in every generation to fight for this country. THANK YOU!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! We're unleashing economic growth across the country!
We are deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship and to strengthening America's long-standing support for Jordan.
Government will no longer punish America's builders. We're going to speed up the processes and start getting things done!
We believe in two simple rules:  Buy American, and Hire American — that's a promise! #NABTU2017
American workers and American businesses have a friend in the White House.
"Wonderful time hosting the CEO Town Hall. We have a country with tremendous potential and incredible optimism that we will use to unleash American business!
WATCH: 45.WH.Gov/iQXunx"
The failing New York Times finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.
With Judge Gorsuch on the Supreme Court, America will be a more free, fair, and just Nation for all of our citizens.
Today’s executive orders set the stage for a great revival of American manufacturing. We’re putting American jobs and American workers FIRST once again!
"Wonderful meeting with CEOs from leading small and mid-sized manufacturers this morning — very excited to announce that manufacturers’ optimism has reached a 20-year record high!
National Association of Manufacturers Survey Results: nam.org/Data-and-Reports/Manufacturers-Outlook-Survey/2017-First-Quarter-Manufacturers-Outlook-Survey/"
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
Welcoming Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen of Denmark to the White House this afternoon.
Honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment Panel with First Lady Melania Trump yesterday. Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to make America great again!
"Promise made, promises kept.
This past week, President Donald J. Trump reaffirmed our commitment to NASA, showed an excellent choice in Judge Gorsuch, announced the Presidential Permit for the Keystone Pipeline and Charter Communications’ investment in 20,000 jobs AND met with truckers who work hard for our country every day.
Join OUR movement: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/lp/join-the-movement"
"When American workers win, AMERICA as a country WINS! 
whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/03/24/president-trump-delivers-jobs-american-people"
Very honored to host 25 Medal of Honor recipients at the White House today. These incredible men and women represent the greatest force for peace and justice that our world has ever known.
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION & 20,000 AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU Charter Communications!
Honored to welcome members of the Congressional Black Caucus to the White House yesterday. We’re committed to improving the education, economic opportunities, and safety of all communities.
Judge Gorsuch did a great job this week. He is widely respected and will make an incredible justice to the Supreme Court – once confirmed!
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the White House today!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Hearing wonderful praise for Neil Gorsuch. This is the kind of judge we need on the Supreme Court - brilliant legal mind and a commitment to constitutional principles!
Visiting the United States Capitol this morning to speak at the House Republicans Conference about the American Health Care Act.
Incredible crowd tonight – thank you Louisville, Kentucky! Together, we will Make America SAFE and GREAT again!
There is no evidence of collusion with Russia. The real issue is the unbelievable amount of classified information that has been illegally leaked, putting our national security at risk – must get to the bottom of it!
WATCH LIVE - President Donald J. Trump's rally in LOUISVILLE, KY.
WATCH LIVE - President Donald J. Trump's rally in LOUISVILLE, KY.
"The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
...
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?"
We will have a bright future of friendship with Ireland. Our bond is going to be closer than ever before!
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, Enda Kenny to the White House today with Vice President Mike Pence. We stand together with Ireland!
Our MOVEMENT continues – God bless you and God bless the USA!
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee! Together, we will Make America Great Again!
WATCH LIVE - President Donald J. Trump's rally in Nashville, TN.
Andrew Jackson: We thank you for your service. We honor your memory. We build on your legacy & we thank God for the USA! - President Donald J. Trump
"#ICYMI First Cabinet meeting:
""We will not rest until the job is done...We’re going to do a fantastic job for the American people, for our country, & for the future of our country.”"
It was an honor to host Mohammad bin Salman Al Saud, Deputy Crown Prince and Minister of Defense of Saudi Arabia at the White House today.
Our first Cabinet meeting went great. This Cabinet is here to serve and protect the American people!
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day. - President Donald J. Trump
Incredible – exceeded expectations with 235,000 JOBS! Economic optimism is very high and we’re going to keep it that way!
Honored to meet this year's United States Senate Youth Program delegates with Vice President Mike Pence in the East Room today. Congratulations!
"In 2016, President Donald J. Trump said he would Make America Great Again.
This is the inspiring story of the hundreds of American workers who manufactured the hats that became a symbol for our movement. We are proud to have a President whose jobs agenda is guided by the principles to buy American and hire American! #MadeInTheUSA
Buy your hat today: http://shop.donaldjtrump.com"
Exxon Mobil’s $20 billion investment program is creating more than 45,000 JOBS! A spirit of optimism is sweeping the country and this is only the beginning.
Congratulations to Exxon Mobil – we are delivering on our promise to bring back jobs to America!
Thank you! We must embrace this renewal of the American spirit and continue to deliver our message of unity and strength to the American people. #JointAddress
"A new chapter of American greatness is now beginning." #ICYMI #JointAddress
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando.
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
"Join us on Instagram & check out exclusive behind the scenes moments via #TeamTrumpPenceBTS! 
https://instagram.com/p/BRGiPXkAdgC/"
Today I signed two bills that promote women entering and leading the STEM fields -- science, technology, engineering, and math. Currently, only 1 in every 4 women who gets a STEM degree is working in a STEM job, which is not fair and it's not even smart for the people that aren’t taking advantage of it....
‪Thank you to the great presidents of our #HBCUs for their commitment to higher education. Read more here: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/02/27/icymi-president-trump-seeks-outdo-obama-backing-black-colleges‬
It was an honor to host America's great governors at the White House this morning with VP Pence.
Returning to the Oval after speaking with our nations governors - next meeting with health insurance providers.
Thank you Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC)!
This afternoon I signed an executive order to establish task forces that will help scrap job-killing regulations on American businesses.
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
CONGRATULATIONS to our new National Security Adviser ---- General H.R. McMaster and Chief of Staff, General Keith Kellogg. Two great General's ---- who will play a big part in MAKING AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
THANK YOU Gene - for coming out at 4:00am to support our MOVEMENT in Melbourne, Florida! THANK YOU to everyone who came out this evening. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
When American workers win, America as a country wins!
Wishing everyone a beautiful weekend!
Departing for South Carolina! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"‪Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin & Sara!‬
‪#ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference: ‬https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10158654390690725‬"
‪Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning!‬
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with VP Pence & U.S. Department of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM Justin Trudeau and a group of leading CEO's & business women from Canada🇨🇦and the United States🇺🇸
Join me for a few minutes as I meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading CEO business women from the United States and Canada - to discuss women in the workforce.
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea.
‪‪Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! ‬
Wonderful evening with Melania, Prime Minister Abe, Akie and my good friend Bob Kraft!
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
Join President Trump & his first 100 days in photos from the White House, on the road and behind the scenes - right here on Facebook! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Interesting segment - - - not surprised!
""The press is not being extra aggressive -- they are not doing actual checking and finding context.""
Timothy Carney
Washington Examiner"
Remarks to Coalition Representatives and Senior US Commanders at CENTCOM base in Tampa, Florida.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Don't miss Bill O’Reilly’s interview with me  tomorrow at 4p ET during the #SuperBowl   pregame show on FOX.
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Join us in congratulating Judge Neil Gorsuch on his nomination for #SCOTUS! Read his bio here: https://www.whitehouse.gov/nominee-gorsuch
"My nominee for Supreme Court Justice- Judge Neil Gorsuch! #SCOTUS 
#JusticeGorsuch"
Join President Trump & his first 100 days in photos from the White House, on the road and behind the scenes - right here on Facebook! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
This morning with pharmaceutical executives:
I will announce my pick for the United States Supreme Court tomorrow night at 8pm from the White House.
#ICYMI: My interview with David Brody of the Christian Broadcasting Network. -DJT
"READOUT OF THE PRESIDENT’S CALL WITH CHANCELLOR ANGELA MERKEL OF GERMANY
 President Trump and Chancellor Merkel today held an extensive telephone conversation covering a range of issues, including NATO, the situation in the Middle East and North Africa, relations with Russia, and the Ukraine crisis.  Both leaders affirmed the importance of close German-American cooperation to our countries' security and prosperity and expressed their desire to deepen already close German-American relations in the coming years.  
The President and Chancellor also agreed on the NATO Alliance's fundamental importance to the broader transatlantic relationship and its role in ensuring the peace and stability of our North Atlantic community.  In this vein, the leaders recognized that NATO must be capable of confronting 21st century threats and that our common defense requires appropriate investment in military capabilities to ensure all Allies are contributing their fair share to our collective security.  
The leaders agreed on the need to strengthen already robust cooperation in the fight against terrorism and violent extremism, and to work to stabilize conflict areas in the Middle East and North Africa. The President accepted the Chancellor's invitation to attend the G-20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany, in July, and said he looked forward to receiving the Chancellor in Washington soon."
"READOUT OF THE PRESIDENT’S CALL WITH AUSTRALIAN PRIME MINISTER MALCOLM TURNBULL
President Donald J. Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull spoke by phone for twenty-five minutes today. Both leaders emphasized the enduring strength and closeness of the U.S.-Australia relationship that is critical for peace, stability, and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region and globally."
Signed some additional executive orders in the Oval Office moments ago-
‪Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget ‬
Congratulations Secretary Mattis!
People want protection and a wall protects. All you have to do is ask Israel...
I've said many times that the American people WILL NOT pay for the wall.....
Spoke at the Congressional GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon with Vice President Pence, Senate Majority Leader McConnell, and Speaker Paul Ryan. Thank you for your support!
Thank you Franklin Graham. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Departing for Philadelphia-
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! -DJT
Join me live at the United States Department of Homeland Security. We are going to build the wall.
I will be a President for ALL of our people.
My entire family enjoyed the inaugural parade very much! THANK YOU to all of the participants who joined us in Washington, D.C. on January 20, 2017. Without question, a day we will never forget!
On behalf of First Lady Melania Trump and myself - we THANK YOU for the outpouring of support and love from you! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the White House this morning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Senate confirmed Mike Pompeo tonight. Vice President Mike Pence wasted no time in swearing him in - as America's new CIA Director. Congratulations Mike!
My family and I will never forget Friday, January 20th, 2017. Thank you!
The swearing in of 'Assistants to the President' in the East Room of the White House moments ago:
I am honored to serve you, the great American People, as your 45th President of the United States!
‪Signing documents to allow Mattis and Kelly to be sworn into Cabinet and an executive order on #Obamacare.
An honor to be at Arlington National Cemetery with Vice President-elect Pence, his family, and my family.
Thank you Steve! Lets #MAGA!
"President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Dr. David J. Shulkin as Secretary of Veterans Affairs
 (New York, NY) – Today President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intention to nominate Dr. David J. Shulkin as Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
 As the current Undersecretary for Health at the Department of Veterans Affairs, Dr. Shulkin leads the nation's largest integrated healthcare system, currently serving 8.76 million veterans every year at over 1,700 locations. Dr. Shulkin has exemplified strong leadership in this position and in various other roles throughout his career, including as a chief executive and a doctor in academia and leader in entrepreneurial roles.
 “I have no doubt Dr. Shulkin will be able to lead the turnaround our Department of Veterans Affairs needs. His sole mandate will be to serve our veterans and restore the level of care we owe to our brave men and women in the military,” said President-elect Donald J. Trump. “Sadly our great veterans have not gotten the level of care they deserve, but Dr. Shulkin has the experience and the vision to ensure we will meet the healthcare needs of every veteran. Dr. Shulkin is an incredibly gifted doctor who is using his elite talents for medicine to care for our heroes, and Americans can have faith he will get the job done right.”
 “It is my honor to serve as President-elect Trump’s Secretary of Veterans Affairs,” said Dr. David Shulkin. ""President-elect Trump's commitment to caring for our veterans is unquestionable, and he is eager to support the best practices for care and provide our Veterans Affairs’ teams with the resources they need to improve health outcomes. We are both eager to begin reforming the areas in our Veterans Affairs system that need critical attention, and do it in a swift, thoughtful and responsible way.”
 Before serving as Under Secretary for Health, Dr. Shulkin served in numerous chief executive roles including serving as President at Morristown Medical Center, Goryeb Children’s Hospital, and Atlantic Rehabilitation Institute, and the Atlantic Health System Accountable Care Organization. Dr. Shulkin also previously served as President and CEO of Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City. Dr. Shulkin has held numerous physician leadership roles including the Chief Medical Officer of the University of Pennsylvania Health System, the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, Temple University Hospital, and the Medical College of Pennsylvania Hospital. Dr. Shulkin has also held academic positions including the Chairman of Medicine and Vice Dean at Drexel University School of Medicine. As an entrepreneur, Dr. Shulkin founded and served as the Chairman and CEO of DoctorQuality one of the first consumer-oriented sources of information for quality and safety in healthcare.
 Dr. Shulkin is a board-certified internist, a fellow of the American College of Physicians. He received his medical degree from the Medical College of Pennsylvania, his internship at Yale University School of Medicine and residency and Fellowship in General Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh Presbyterian Medical Center. He received advanced training in outcomes research and economics as a Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Clinical Scholar at the University of Pennsylvania."
Join me LIVE from Trump Tower!
Together we are going to create real change that puts AMERICA FIRST!
2016 was a GREAT year! In 12 days we begin MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
Vice President-elect Mike Pence had a very productive meeting with Senate GOP. All of us working together - we will repeal & replace Obamacare & put Americans back in charge of their healthcare!
Our next Vice President-Elect Mike Pence at Trump Tower today. He is going to be GREAT!
"‪TO ALL AMERICANS-‬
‪#HappyNewYear & many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA🇺🇸‬"
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
We're gonna be building up our military, we're gonna make our military so big and so strong and so great and it will be so powerful that I don't think we're ever going to have to use it. Nobody's gonna mess with us, that I can tell you!
"We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but not anymore. 
The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
President-Elect 
Donald J. Trump"
Happy Hanukkah!
We will make America STRONG AGAIN. We will make America PROUD AGAIN. We will make America SAFE again - and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
"We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media). Enjoying a celebratory dinner with some of my team at Mar-a-Lago. Together, lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
-DJT"
Never give up. Never stop believing. And never, ever, stop dreaming! -DJT
Join me LIVE in Mobile, Alabama for my final 2016 THANK YOU TOUR rally!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/videos/10158310632295725/
Join me LIVE in Orlando, Florida!
Join me LIVE in Hershey, Pennsylvania!
Join me LIVE in West Allis, Wisconsin!
"Join me this Saturday in Mobile, Alabama at 3pm! Tickets are now available! Off to Wisconsin now!
Tickets: bit.ly/2gpwhwcALABAMA"
Fox Sunday's Chris Wallace joined me on my trip from NYC to Baltimore for yesterdays Army - Navy game.
Upon my arrival to the ARMY vs. NAVY game today - I met some of our American heroes.
ARMY vs. NAVY ---- USA🇺🇸
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me LIVE in Grand Rapids, Michigan!
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls & send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate.
Join me LIVE in Des Moines, Iowa!
Join me LIVE in Fayetteville, North Carolina!
Thank you for investing $50 billion in the United States of America - toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs!
"Tomorrow, we will officially announce General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis as my nominee for Secretary of Defense.
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain"
"Louisiana Runoff ""Get Out The Vote"" Rally with Vice President-Elect Mike Pence and Republican U.S. Senate Candidate John Kennedy.
New Orleans, LA"
‪Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history – and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again! #AmericaFirst ‬
Join me LIVE in Cincinnati, Ohio!
Join me LIVE in Indianapolis, Indiana at Carrier as I deliver remarks.
Just arrived in Indiana - en route to Carrier with VP-elect Mike Pence!
"Together, we can save AMERICAN jobs, AMERICAN lives, and AMERICAN futures.
-DJT"
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Thanksgiving. -DJT
"It's time to have a new American future! I look forward to beginning on January 20th with Vice President-elect Michael Pence!
-DJT"
To all law enforcement in America: we are with you, we support you and we will always stand with you. Together, we will create a safe community for every citizen - especially those who have not known safety in a very, very long time. -DJT
It was a pleasure to have Prime Minister Shinzo Abe stop by my home and begin a great friendship.
THANK YOU for all of your support on Election Night! Some of you waited 6++ hours, and I appreciated you waiting for us to join you. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to my amazing family - your support was incredible!
NO DREAM is too big, NO CHALLENGE is too great. Nothing we want for our future is BEYOND OUR REACH.
Honored to be elected the 45th President of the United States of America. Working together, we will Make America Great Again! -DJT
THANK YOU!
!
Thank you Iowa!
Thank you Montana!
THANK YOU INDIANA!!
THANK YOU INDIANA!!
THANK YOU KENTUCKY!
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Interview with Anthony Scaramucci! TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Go to https://vote.gop to find your polling location."
"Interview with Eric Trump! TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Go to https://vote.gop to find your polling location."
TRUMP TRAIN - GET OUT & VOTE! LETS MAKE AMERCA GREAT AGAIN!!
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your polling location: https://vote.gop
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
VOTE TODAY! Go to https://vote.gop to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!
"YOU have created a MOVEMENT that will change America. A MOVEMENT that will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I am honored to be here with YOU. Join me LIVE in Grand Rapids, Michigan for my final campaign rally. I will miss these rallies, but tomorrow we have bigger plans. Tomorrow we #DrainTheSwamp! I love you AMERICA!
SHARE this post, confirm your polling location at Vote.GOP, and VOTE TOMORROW"
"Join me LIVE in Manchester, NH!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute at >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
"Join me LIVE in Scranton, PA!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute at >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
"Join me LIVE in Raleigh, NC!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
"Yesterday we had a HUGE rally in Michigan - 10 MILLION people saw it. These numbers are unheard of. We are going to WIN Michigan and we are going to #DrainTheSwamp.
If you missed the rally, you can Watch the LIVE playback here. 
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
"Join me LIVE in Sarasota, FL!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
"Join me LIVE in Leesburg, VA!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
"Join me LIVE in Moon Township, PA!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
"Join me LIVE in Sterling Heights, MI!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
Incredibly touched by this video. Our American comeback story begins November 8th. We will Make America Great Again for everyone.
"Join me LIVE in Minneapolis, MN!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
"Thank you Iowa! #VoteTrumpPence16! 
VOTE.GOP"
"Join me LIVE in Sioux City, IA!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
"Only 2 DAYS left! I want to see who is with me during these final days. Show your support & watch your name get added LIVE right here on my Facebook page. I want to see your name!
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp
Full Speech - Donald Trump Delivers Historic Speech in Gettysburg, PA 10/22/2016"
"Join me LIVE in Denver, CO!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> http://www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
"Only 2 DAYS left! I want to see who is with me during these final days. Show your support & watch your name get added LIVE right here on my Facebook page. I want to see your name!
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp
Stay tuned. Our final rally of the day -- COLORADO -- Starts at 11:30pmE."
Trump Tower Live Interviews!
"Join me LIVE in Reno, NV!
Be a voter. Learn more >> http://www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> http://www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
"Join me LIVE in Hershey, PA!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
"On November 8th, EVERYTHING changes. 
Our movement is about replacing a failed and corrupt political establishment with a new government controlled by you, the American people.
The establishment has trillions of dollars at stake in this election.
For those who control the levers of power in Washington and for the global special interests, they partner with these people that don’t have your good in mind.
The political establishment that is trying to stop us is the same group responsible for our disastrous trade deals, massive illegal immigration and economic and foreign policies that have bled our country dry.
The political establishment has brought about the destruction of our factories and our jobs as they flee to Mexico, China and other countries all around the world.
It’s a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities.
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you. The only force strong enough to save our country is us.
The only people brave enough to vote out this corrupt establishment is you, the American people.
I’m doing this for the people and the movement and we will take back this country for you and we will Make America Great Again."
"Yesterday we had a historic rally in Selma, NC. More than 17,500 people attended and 7M+ saw it on Facebook. Numbers that are unheard of!
If you missed it, watch last night's LIVE broadcast here.
We won't win unless you VOTE. Learn more: www.Vote.GOP"
Together, we will bring the REAL CHANGE we’ve been waiting for!
"Join me LIVE in Selma, NC!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
"Join me LIVE in Concord, NC!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
Hillary Clinton is under FBI investigation AGAIN. She exposed America’s most sensitive secrets, putting our national security at risk. Crooked is UNFIT to serve as our president. When I'm elected, I will PROTECT our people and our country! #AmericaFirst
"Only 5 DAYS left! I want to see who is with me during these final days. Show your support before 4p ET & watch your name get added LIVE right here on my Facebook page. I want to see your name!
Contribute & Add your name >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/DrainTheSwamp"
The FBI is actively and aggressively pursuing and investigating the Clinton Foundation's alleged "Pay to Play."
Christians know this election is not just about the next four years, it's about the next FORTY years. We cannot afford to lose the Supreme Court! Thank you Cissie Graham Lynch, daughter of Franklin Graham and granddaughter of Billy Graham, for your support. I will not let you down.
Americans are sick and tired of the pay-to-play politics in Washington. It is time to END Hillary’s government corruption and to bring new leadership that puts AMERICA FIRST! #DrainTheSwamp
We are UNITED in our movement to Make America Great Again. Together, we will break free from the rigged system and replace decades of failure with generations of SUCCESS! #ImWithYou
"Crooked launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. We must #DrainTheSwamp!
http://freebeacon.com/politics/trump-ad-clinton-launched-political-career-pardoning-puerto-rican-terrorists/"
"Join me LIVE in Eau Claire, WI!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
Wonderful speech by Peter Thiel yesterday - at The National Press Club in Washington, D.C. Thank you!
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail
"Join me LIVE in Grand Rapids, MI!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
"Join me LIVE in Albuquerque, NM!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
"Join me LIVE in Greeley, CO!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
"Join me LIVE in Las Vegas, NV!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100 days! #DrainTheSwamp
"Join me LIVE in Phoenix, AZ!  
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! (Sorry I am not there - just landed in Arizona!)
"Join me LIVE in Golden, CO!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
LOVE IT ~ THANK YOU for sharing with campaign!
It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP in Washington, D.C. It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. This begins on November 8th. Get out and VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
"Join me LIVE in Manchester, NH!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
Join me LIVE in Geneva, OH!
"Crooked launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp
http://freebeacon.com/politics/trump-ad-clinton-launched-political-career-pardoning-puerto-rican-terrorists/"
"I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback & support. Lets #MAGA! I love you- and I love this country!
http://bit.ly/2eLk8p2Charlotte"
Join me LIVE in Toledo, OH!
Join me LIVE!
"Join me LIVE in Springfield, OH!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
I agree, Michael Moore- To all Americans, I see you & I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8!
I truly believe that we as Americans can accomplish ANYTHING -- and I promise you, if I'm elected, we will once again experience the American Dream! Let’s close the history books on the failures in Washington, and let’s open a new chapter of success and prosperity for ALL of our people!
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL & REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out & VOTE #TrumpPence16 & lets #MAGA!
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here below! LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Join me LIVE in Kinston, NC!
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
So proud of you Ivanka!
"Join me LIVE at 4:00pmE in Charlotte, NC with Live coverage from Trump Tower after the rally.
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
Get out and VOTE -- we need everyone -- and if you all get to the polls -- we will WIN! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Join me LIVE at 6:15pmE in Tallahassee, Florida. Thousands will be present.
Help us win. Contribute >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live
Be a voter. Learn more >> www.Vote.GOP"
"'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp
http://bit.ly/2dGeiObama2008"
Join me LIVE in Sanford, FL!
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA #ImWithYou
Beautiful morning at Trump National - Doral, in Miami, Florida --- with my unbelievable employees. I look forward to putting millions back to work --- across America, as President! -DJT
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro last night and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! -DJT
"Join us LIVE at 6:30pmE! Our nightly campaign coverage from Trump Tower!
This is a HISTORIC movement. Together, we will once again make a government by, for, and of the people! Help us close out the final weeks of this campaign strong and WIN.
Contribute $10 Now >> www.DonaldJTrump.com/Live"
Join me LIVE in St. Augustine, FL!
Thank you - to our Florida Law Enforcement Officers! -DJT
Join me LIVE in Naples, FL!
This is not simply another 4-year election. This is a crossroads in the HISTORY of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control over OUR government!
I love our supporters -- so much spirit! Thank you Cleveland, Ohio --- VOTE TRUMP/PENCE on 11/8/16. Lets WIN & MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me LIVE in Cleveland, OH!
Join me LIVE in Virginia Beach, VA!
Today, I unveiled my 100-day plan -- a plan that will create jobs and a stronger economy, a plan with a solid strategy to finally defeat and end ISIS, a plan that paves the way for a greater America -- an America that WINS again. Believe me, as President I will do more in 100 days than Hillary could in a lifetime -- she's had 30 years and done NOTHING. #ImWithYou! #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania tonight! Get out & VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JOIN ME LIVE IN NEWTOWN, PENNSYLVANIA!
BEAUTIFUL RALLY IN NORTH CAROLINA EARLIER - - NOW IN PENNSYLVANIA, JOIN ME LIVE!
HILLARY CLINTON'S - 'PARDON ME'
JOIN ME LIVE IN OHIO!
DNC Chair Donna Brazile is SO corrupt! SAD. She's just another arm of Crooked Hillary's RIGGED system -- coordinating with convicted criminals and paying people to start violence at my rallies! The system is UNBELIEVABLY RIGGED and believe me, as President, I will END the corruption and once again, your government will be by, for and of the people! #DrainTheSwamp  #RIGGED
It's in the emails! Someone WAS unethically helping #CrookedHillary's campaign! She got the question VERBATIM!
#CrookedHillary's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!
#CrookedHillary  is nothing but an elitist, Washington insider who has been doing this for 30 years with nothing to show for it!
Plain & Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people!
#CrookedHillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.”
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET!
#CrookedHillary wants open borders!
I'm proud to have the endorsement by the National Rifle Association! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I am a VERY strong supporter of the Second Amendment!
We cannot afford to let #CrookedHillary create the most liberal Supreme Court in history!
Debate is over but the fight isn't. The FINAL FEC deadline for the entire campaign is minutes away at 11:59p! Donate now to make this a RECORD NIGHT. Contribute $10 >> DonaldJTrump.com/Debate
I've met this brave woman and what happened to her family is a disgrace and could have been prevented. Weak Obama-Clinton border policies caused the deaths of these innocent Americans and it will only get worse if Hillary is elected. We need STRONG immigration reform and STRONG borders. As President, I promise you, I will send these criminal illegals back to where they came from. It will be AMERICA FIRST! #ImWithYou
"Join us right here on my Facebook page - for pre and post debate coverage! 
Coverage begins at 8:30pmE!"
For 30 years, Hillary Clinton has done NOTHING but deliver terrible policies that have made us less safe and less prosperous -- what a failure! As President, I promise to always put the American people FIRST. On day one, believe me, you will see the REAL CHANGE our country needs to win again! #ImWithYou
Join Me In Colorado!
The Obama-Clinton economy has DEVASTATED our hard-working families. As president, I will renegotiate NAFTA, stop foreign nations from cheating us, and cut taxes to reopen factories. America will stand STRONG on the world stage once again! #AmericaFirst
Beautiful evening in Wisconsin- THANK YOU for your incredible support tonight! Everyone get out on November 8th - and VOTE! LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
The State Department's quid pro quo scheme proves how CORRUPT our system is. Attempting to protect Crooked Hillary, NOT our American service members or national security information, is absolutely DISGRACEFUL. The American people deserve so much better. On November 8th, we will END this RIGGED system once and for all!
"Crooked Hillary’s State Department colluded with the FBI and the DOJ in a DISGRACEFUL quid pro quo exchange where her staff promised FBI agents more overseas positions if the FBI would alter emails that were classified. This is COLLUSION at its core and Crooked Hillary’s super PAC, the media, is doing EVERYTHING they can to cover it up. It's a RIGGED system and we MUST not let her get away with this -- our country deserves better! Vote on Nov. 8 and let’s take back the White House FOR the people and BY the people! #AmericaFirst! #RIGGED
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/10/fbi-state-department-clinton-email-229880"
As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton abused her power to get millions of dollars for the Clinton Foundation, and in return, granted so many favors to the establishment and elites. SO unbelievably corrupt. The system is rigged and as President, I promise you, I will end it! You will always be FIRST—not donors, not special interests, not Washington insiders—you! #AmericaFirst!
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out & #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
Join Me Live In Portsmouth, NH!
"THANK YOU TRUMP WOMENS TOUR! 
#WomenForTrump"
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all about the people! #MAGA
Watch DJT Live From Charlotte, NC!
This speaks volumes about the RIGGED mainstream media:
The corrupt establishment knows that we are a great threat to their criminal enterprise. We will NOT let them decide our future – YOU, the American people will decide OUR future!
This is a struggle for the survival of OUR nation, and this will be our last chance to save it. We MUST raise our voices on November 8th!
THANK YOU West Palm Beach, Florida! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Ocala, Florida for a few minutes- look at this amazing MOVEMENT! Remember- this is our LAST CHANCE to take back our country -- it is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!!
Hillary Clinton is CORRUPT! Crooked only cares about power, money and herself. I am in this for YOU! #AmericaFirst
JOIN ME FOR A FEW MINUTES IN PANAMA CITY BEACH, FLORIDA. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before- and will never be seen again. This is our last chance- lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Great morning in San Antonio, Texas - GREAT afternoon in Dallas, Texas. Departing now for Florida! #ImWithYou
THANK YOU TEXAS --- AND THANK YOU TO OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS. #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
"DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.
#DangerousHillary"
The mainstream media (MSM) are trying to rig this election in order to advance their liberal, far left agenda for another 4 years and beyond.  Crooked Hillary Clinton has been the mouthpiece for the corrupt Washington DC system that the MSM keeps alive through direct propaganda and support.  It is time we bring CHANGE to the White House, defeat the rigged system, and Make America Great Again!
Just arrived in Pennsylvania!
Thank you Rudy! -DJT
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
All of the moderator interruptions--it was 3 vs 1! https://www.donaldjtrump.com/content-center/entry/heres-video-of-every-time-the-moderators-interrupted-donald-trump/
"""It's a good thing Trump isn't in charge of the law in this country."" -Hillary Clinton
""Yeah, because you'd be in jail."" -Donald Trump"
I will be a President for ALL! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We cannot afford four more years of these FAILED policies!
#CrookedHillary is going to RAISE taxes, I will LOWER them!
History lesson: #CrookedHillary blames her two-faced stance on Wall Street on — get this — Abraham Lincoln!
I hope when the MSM runs its “interruption counters” they consider the number of times the moderators interrupted me compared to #CrookedHillary!
I stand for ALL Americans and we will #MakeAmericaSafeAgain and defeat radical Islamic terrorism!
There has never been so many lies and so much deception. A special prosecutor will look into #CrookedHillary!
Because #CrookedHillary would be in JAIL!
I am running for YOU. I am running to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain because AMERICANS have had ENOUGH!
Join me in St. Louis, Missouri - as I conclude my debate prep.
Thank you to my amazing supporters outside of Trump Tower this afternoon. #ImWithYou
"Here is my statement.
I’ve never said I’m a perfect person, nor pretended to be someone that I’m not.  I’ve said and done things I regret, and the words released today on this more than a decade-old video are one of them.  Anyone who knows me, know these words don’t reflect who I am.
I said it, it was wrong, and I apologize.
I’ve travelled the country talking about change for America. But my travels have also changed me.  I’ve spent time with grieving mothers who’ve lost their children, laid off workers whose jobs have gone to other countries, and people from all walks of life who just want a better future. I have gotten to know the great people of our country, and I’ve been humbled by the faith they’ve placed in me. I pledge to be a better man tomorrow, and will never, ever let you down.
Let’s be honest.  We’re living in the real world.  This is nothing more than a distraction from the important issues we are facing today.  We are losing our jobs, we are less safe than we were 8 years ago and Washington is broken.
Hillary Clinton, and her kind, have run our country into the ground.
I’ve said some foolish things, but there is a big difference between words and actions. Bill Clinton has actually abused women and Hillary has bullied, attacked, shamed and intimidated his victims. We will discuss this more in the coming days.
See you at the debate on Sunday."
Crooked's performance as Secretary of State was even worse than Tim Kaine's performance in the debate! No more "DREAM DEALS" for our enemies. Believe me -- we WILL be TOUGH. #BigLeagueTruth
Thoughts & prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen to your local officials.
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16!
I want to see America PROSPEROUS again – that means tax cuts for working families, and lower taxes for small businesses so owners can create more jobs! America will WIN – everyone will succeed and we will have a strong, thriving economy once again! #ImWithYou
NOW IN RENO, NEVADA with the MOVEMENT! Join us for a couple of minutes!
Unbelievable! Join me in NEVADA with the MOVEMENT! Nobody has ever seen anything like this before. Get out and VOTE on November 8th for #TrumpPence16! WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN, TOGETHER!!
There's a reason why people question the TRUSTWORTHINESS of Hillary Clinton and that's because they're paying attention! CROOKED Hillary is shady!
This is Crooked Hillary at her finest! Our future Vice President Mike Pence speaks the TRUTH about the shady Clinton Foundation!
Tim Kaine and Hillary Clinton have some things in common! Just like Clinton, Kaine also has a pay-to-play problem! Like I said, CORRUPTION!
I am PROUD to have Mike Pence as my running mate! He balanced his budget and finished his term with $2 billion in the bank. What has Tim Kaine done?!
I stand for ALL AMERICANS! Deplorables, basement dwellers, I stand for ALL of YOU!
We need new leadership and a STRONG American president!
i AGREE! Police officers and other law enforcement officers are the BEST OF US!
ISIS is no weaker than it was a year ago. What strategy?! Hillary Clinton would be more of the same! We need a change! I will #MakeAmericaSafeAgain!
Law enforcement is a force for GOOD! They bring communities together and keep us safe. We must respect and stand by them!
This is the perfect match--a match made in CORRUPTION!
Tonight’s debate will be a stark contrast between our campaign of BIG ideas and BOLD solutions for tomorrow, versus Clinton-Kaine’s ESTABLISHMENT PAST! #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My childcare plan allows for every family in America to deduct childcare expenses from their income taxes -- MORE money in your pockets, MORE freedom to make the decisions that suit YOUR family’s needs. AMERICA First means FAMILIES First!
"We can’t trust the DISHONEST media! We must bring the truth directly to the hard-working Americans who want to take our country back.
Help us bring the TRUTH by joining my #BigLeagueTruth Team! We're going to fact check Crooked Hillary -- BIG TIME!
Sign up here: http://bigleaguetruth.com"
An honor to be in Virginia this morning - speaking with retired members of our United States Military. If I become President - I will NOT let them down -- and I will NOT let you, the American people down! -DJT
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
UNBELIEVABLE MICHIGAN! I want to thank you for your support tonight -- the energy was absolutely incredible. If you all get out to vote on 11/8/2016 --- there is no question we will WIN MICHIGAN! I love this country - and I love you all. Thank you!
I believe in America First and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-class families -- 100% deductible childcare expenses, paid maternity leave and dependent care savings. It's a great plan that will benefit ALL American families. My daughter Ivanka has done an incredible job -- so proud!
Crooked Hillary has put her own self-interest ahead of everyday Americans for 30 YEARS and she wonders why she isn’t 50 points ahead -- Unbelievable! You can’t lie about 33,000 emails, allow ISIS to spread, and call millions of hard-working Americans “deplorables!” I will bring BIG CHANGE on DAY ONE. #AmericaFirst! #NotHillary!
The special interests love Hillary Clinton because they have TOTAL control. Remember -- #FollowTheMoney! As president, I promise you, we will once again have a government of, by and for the PEOPLE! #TrumpIsWithYou
Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street – BIG TIME! All part of the rigged system being run at YOUR expense. It's time to end the Clinton Corruption and do what is right for the American people! #FollowTheMoney
JOIN THE MOVEMENT! Check out Wisconsin!!  THANK YOU!!
Hillary Clinton put the office of Secretary of State up for sale – and if she ever got the chance, she’d put the Oval Office up for sale too. While she profits off the RIGGED system, I am fighting for YOU! Everything you need to know about Crooked Hillary can be understood with this simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney!
For 30 years -- 30 YEARS -- Hillary Clinton hasn’t fixed anything. In fact, her only experience has been at failing. As President, believe me, there will be dramatic change. We are going to get things DONE! #AmericaFirst
An honor to be at the Polish National Alliance in Chicago, Illinois - meeting with & speaking to the Polish American Congress. Thank you!
We spent $6 trillion in the Middle East. We could have rebuilt our country twice!
Hillary Clinton was for TPP before she was against it! She even called it the "gold standard" of trade agreements!
How is Hillary so oblivious? It’s pretty simple to see why she isn’t 50 points ahead – she called millions of people deplorable, she's owned by Washington insiders, and she's lied over and over to the public and thinks it’s okay. It’s SAD! The American people want a leader who is working for them, not the rigged system. #AmericaFirst!
We are going to change our immigration system to reflect American values! -DJT
Thank you! I love you too! -DJT
Beautiful evening in Roanoke, Virginia! We have 44 days until the BIG VOTE! It is imperative that you get out and VOTE. Get your family & get your friends - to VOTE! In order for this MOVEMENT to continue & WIN ~ everyone needs to get out and VOTE! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
Thank you Louisiana!
Thank you Iowa! Lets WIN!!
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
The most fundamental duty of government is to protect American lives. The Obama-Clinton administration has failed to protect our people. As President, my number one priority will ALWAYS be to keep you and your families safe. Believe me, together, we WILL Make America SAFE Again! #ImWithYou
I have such incredible supporters. So many people have downloaded my new America First app and they tell me it's MUCH better than Hillary's - getting TREMENDOUS reviews. Download and enjoy! http://donaldjtrump.com/app
Unbelievable - North Carolina! Thank you for the unbelievable turnout at High Point University. It is time to bring JOBS back to the United States of America! We will bring JOBS back! I AM WITH YOU - WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We MUST preserve our American heritage -- from Second Amendment rights to bringing jobs back to our country to enforcing immigration laws -- the current rigged system has weakened everything America stands for! This November, we have a chance to take our country back. I will PROTECT your rights, and together, we WILL Make America Great Again! #AmericaFirst
In Miami now - for a beautiful rally! Join me for a couple of minutes - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU for your service and sacrifice, as well as your confidence in me to serve as Commander-in-Chief. #AmericaFirst!
Today - I outlined a plan for American economic revival - it is bold, ambitious, forward-looking plan to massively INCREASE JOBS, WAGES, INCOMES and opportunities for the people of our country!
Join me at the City of Flint Water Plant for a couple of minutes.
FLORIDA -- THANK YOU --- WE CAN WIN! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What a disgraceful thing to say about fellow- hard working Americans! Vote Trump on November 8th -- keep Hillary's HATE away from Washington, D.C. -DJT
LIKE & SHARE IF YOU AGREE:
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou"
Join me at the Cleveland Arts and Social Sciences Academy for a few minutes!
Four brave Americans lost their lives in Benghazi and Hillary Clinton falsely said tonight that we did not lose one American life in Libya. SAD!
Join me in in Philadelphia - LETS MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! GOD BLESS AMERICA!! -DJT
Thank you Ohio - I love you! #AmericaFirst
Labor Day is a long-standing tradition celebrating the American worker but with millions of Americans out of work, we must do something to get America back to work. As President I will end bad trade deals and bring back American jobs for our people! #AmericaFirst!
I had an incredible time in Detroit yesterday. A great experience - learned a lot by listening to everyone. I am grateful for their support - and time. You can catch what I had to say to everyone, right here. Thank you! -DJT
Mother Teresa represented the best in all of us. She was a holy and pious woman, and I think it's wonderful to see Catholics around the world honoring her many contributions.
TOGETHER - we can save AMERICAN jobs, American lives, and American futures!
"Thank you to President Enrique Pena Nieto - for the invitation to meet with him in Mexico City, Mexico. Wonderful leadership and high quality people! I look forward to our next meeting. 
-Donald J. Trump"
"Thank you for your wonderful support last night- with regard to my Immigration Speech that I delivered at the Phoenix Convention Center. I love this country - and you, the people. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! I love you!
Donald J. Trump"
"A message from Ivanka Trump:
 ""Contribute now and my father will double every dollar you give, up to $2 MILLION, before Wednesday, August 31, at 11:59pm.
https://secure.donaldjtrump.com/august-end-of-month?amount=250&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=t_djt0831200646_ivanka-video-aug-eom&utm_source=facebook&utm_content=ivanka-video-aug-eom_fb_organic
 You put in $100, he'll make it $200.
You put in $250, he'll make it $500.
You put in $500, he'll make it $1,000.
 He’ll also send you a personal thank you gift."""
THANK YOU MEXICO.
"Hillary Clinton supports the Sanctuary City and catch-and-release policies that are getting innocent Americans killed. 
I’ve met with many of these grieving families, including the incredible family of Sarah Root, a young Iowa girl who was killed by an illegal immigrant released from the border by the Obama Administration – and then released again after the killing.
I have been so inspired by the courage and bravery of all the families that have lost their loved ones - I will fight with them, and I will stand with them - - to END THIS CRAZINESS!"
Join me in Iowa - attending a great event in honor of wonderful Senator Joni Ernst. Let's MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #RoastAndRide
Good morning America! Thank you for your support - I couldn't do this without you. This is a MOVEMENT & I am honored to be the messenger. Lets keep it up - love you all!
The Clinton's are the real predators...
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #FlashbackFriday
Join me in MISSISSIPPI for a few minutes! It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Departing Florida in a few minutes. Thank you for all of your incredible support. I am grateful, and will never forget it. Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers and first responders as well - all across America!
This is a MOVEMENT! A movement to take back our country, and MAKE IT GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for a fabulous evening, OHIO! It is so important for you to get out an VOTE in November. Tonight was a special night - I will be back real soon!
Join me in Akron, Ohio - for a few minutes! TOGETHER- WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow! Thank you Louisiana - l love you, and I am with you! Thoughts and prayers are with you, everyday. -DJT
VOTERS, not special interests, WILL BE IN CHARGE. -DJT
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. -DJT
Crooked Hillary Clinton #ThrowbackThursday:
"This afternoon - I hosted a very informative national security roundtable at Trump Tower. I can assure you -- with a Trump Administration, we will make the safety & security of our nation a top priority. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Donald J. Trump"
Working together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #LawAndOrder #ImWithYou
Join me for a few minutes at the Milwaukee County War Memorial Center- with America's Mayor Rudy Giuliani, and Sheriff David Clarke.
We have a President and somebody running against me that doesn't even want to use the term RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM. If they can't name it, they can't fix it! It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#ICYMI: Today I delivered my Foreign Policy speech at Youngstown State University. TOGETHER, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
BREAKING: Three FBI field offices wanted to open an investigation into the Clinton Foundation, but it was killed by Obama's Department of Justice.
An honor to speak at the National Association of Home Builders in Miami Beach, Florida. Thank you for having me! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have proposed the largest tax reduction of ANY candidate - who has run for President this year. It is a start, in MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am leaving Fitzgerald Peterbilt now, where I met with coal miners and leaders from the Virginia coal industry. I assure you - those out of work down here -- will be back to work under a Trump Administration! -DJT
My economic plan includes an across-the-board income tax reduction that helps EVERYONE, especially the middle class. My plan is ALL about economic recovery and prosperity, and will create A LOT of high-paying jobs so EVERYONE has the opportunity to once again, live the American Dream! #AmericaFirst
Unbelievable afternoon in Wilmington, North Carolina. The MOVEMENT continues to grow, as American's realize that Crooked Hillary is not fit to be our next President. I am in this to WIN- and together WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
Thank you for the very kind words, and support General Flynn. With the backing & support of General's like yourself - WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN, real soon! -DJT
Crooked Hillary Clinton is not fit to be our next president!
As President, I look forward to working with Speaker Paul Ryan to make sure EVERY American is represented and heard!
There is absolutely NO DOUBT that Crooked Hillary is a PATHOLOGICAL LIAR. Even the liberal media is calling her out! She's a security risk and admits she "short circuited" -- UNBELIEVABLE! There is no question she is COMPLETELY UNQUALIFIED to be President. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We cannot address the issues - if we are afraid to face them head on. As your POTUS- my administration will deal with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM to assure a SAFER AMERICA both now, and for future generations.
Wow! I am in Jacksonville, Florida! This is a MOVEMENT - join me for a few minutes!
Thank you Lt. Col. Louis Dorfman- I am truly honored. You are the true HERO!
WOW! Join me in Daytona Beach, Florida for a few minutes - with the #TrumpTrain! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I’m proud to have such a strong track record of employing and promoting women in the workplace! As President, I will make sure women receive equal pay for equal work! Ivanka Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Could you imagine if I went 241 days without a press conference!? Crooked Hillary Clinton- concludes her 241st day without having a press conference- while running for President of the United States of America!? Absolutely no transparency & communication with the American people!
The liberal biased media make complete fools out of themselves the way they fawn over Crooked Hillary. It’s SAD, DISHONEST and PATHETIC reporting!
I believe in making the best deals for America and NAFTA was a horrible deal! I want to make great deals that will keep jobs here and employ millions of Americans. We MUST get America back to work! #MakeAmericaWorkAgain
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! Departing New York for Virginia now. Incredible day in Ohio & Pennsylvania yesterday. Together- WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for your continued support!
The Washington Post calls out Crooked Hillary for what she REALLY is! A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR!! Watch that nose grow!
Our government is COMPLETELY broken! Believe me, nobody can fix things like I can, and as President, I WILL fix it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Crooked Hillary counts on Wall Street for donations.  I'll NEVER be bought and sold by them. My supporters are the BEST because they're every day Americans! Together, we WILL Make America Great Again!
I’ve said it over and over again. Crooked Hillary is bought and paid for by The Establishment—BIG TIME! Unbelievably CORRUPT! I’m not and never will be owned by ANYONE! #TrumpIsWithYou #TrumpPence2016
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!
America led by Hillary will be an AMERICA where things get even WORSE than it is now.  Higher taxes, rampant TERRORISM and MORE CORRUPTION from Washington, DC!  TOGETHER, we WILL Make America Great Again!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to hide who she REALLY is!
Back in Davenport, Iowa! Join me for a few minutes - lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Bernie caved!
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania! TOGETHER - we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
"Departing Tampa, Florida!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
Bernie Sanders TOTALLY gave up and abandoned his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix this RIGGED system and bring back our jobs!
Thank you for your incredible support tonight, Winston-Salem, North Carolina! This is an unbelievable MOVEMENT - and we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
The American people deserve better. The DNC and Hillary Rotten Clinton rigged the system and completely ignored what the people wanted! They are so, SO corrupt!
We don't have time to play games anymore! Enough! It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN -- IMMEDIATELY! -DJT
It will not be difficult locating Crooked Hillary's luggage in Philadelphia! -DJT
My acceptance speech was 75 minutes 'long!' Watch how long it really was - - - by watching the 28 second video below. THANK YOU #TrumpTrain - I love you! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
I AM YOUR VOICE! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
As President I will put America FIRST! #TrumpIsWithYou
"I just accepted the GOP nomination for President and now it's time to take the fight to Hillary Clinton! This is a MOVEMENT that's going to win back the White House! #TrumpIsWithYou
JOIN THE MOVEMENT: http://bit.ly/2afr5xQ"
GREAT, great speech, Pastor Burns! As President, I will always place America First and together, we WILL Make America Great Again – for EVERYONE! #TrumpIsWithYou
"Thank you, Rev. Falwell for your faith and support! I truly have faith that we CAN make America better and as President, I WILL Make America Great Again! #TrumpIsWithYou 
JOIN THE MOVEMENT - WE ARE BREAKING RECORDS: http://bit.ly/2azatNI"
"Wow! We had over 70,000 donors last night. I'm speaking tonight and, believe me, it's going to be huge. BIG LEAGUE tonight! 
This is a MOVEMENT. I'm with YOU, America -- thank you for being with me. #TrumpIsWithYou
JOIN THE MOVEMENT: http://donaldjtrump.com/BIG-LEAGUE"
We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Join us at the 2016 GOP Convention! Check back frequently for photo updates in this album, as we share history in the making with you! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to our next VP of the United States, Governor Mike Pence! With him by my side, I have absolutely no doubt we WILL Make America Great Again! #AmericaFirst!
THANK YOU CLEVELAND! See you tomorrow- at the #GOPConvention! #RNCinCLE
Just got to the #GOPConvention to watch Eric! #RNCinCLE
Thank you, Governor Scott Walker for your support. I KNOW we can beat Hillary! It's time to take back this nation and together, make #AmericaFirst again!
"We are blowing through our goal, help us raise $2,000,000 by midnight!!! 
Donate Here: http://bit.ly/29VYsQq"
Thank you so much for your support, Laura! She is a true conservative who wants what we ALL want -- to Make America Great Again! As President, I will always place #AmericaFirst!
47 years ago our nation did something that NOBODY thought we could do - we were the first to put a man on the moon. It is time to be number one, again!  Believe me, as President, we will once again, Make America First Again! #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #RNCinCLE
Very proud of Donald Trump Jr. last night!
Thank you Dana White - - there is no question that I will FIGHT for this COUNTRY! I want to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN - with every American!
ARRIVING IN CLEVELAND NOW!!
Good morning America! This is a MOVEMENT- and WE are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN- starting in January 2017!
Join us at the 2016 GOP Convention! Check back frequently for photo updates in this album, as we share history in the making with you! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Proud of you Donald Trump Jr. - you were great! Keep up the incredible work at the Trump Org. Because of you, Ivanka, Eric, and Tiffany - I have this opportunity to give back. It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
GREAT JOB TIFFANY! So proud of you- love you!
THANK YOU AMERICA! I LOVE YOU! -DJT
I am in New York City - watching history unfold. This is a MOVEMENT to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! I love the United States of America - and am forever grateful for your support!
#RNCinCLE #TrumpTrain2016
Make America Safe Again!
Our jobs have been destroyed! I am about creating JOBS and nobody can do it like me. #MakeAmericaWorkAgain
"""We are going to elect Donald Trump President and turn this country around. We need strong leadership!""
- Bob Dole"
I've created tens of thousands of jobs and I'm really good at it. As President, I WILL get America back to work! #MakeAmericaWorkAgain
I believe in making the best deals for America. NAFTA was a horrible deal! I want to make great deals that will keep jobs here and employ millions of Americans. We MUST get America back to work! #MakeAmericaWorkAgain
Join me behind the scenes at the 2016 GOP Convention -- as I introduce our next First Lady of the United States of America, Melania Trump! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Very proud of our next First Lady Melania Trump! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
We are back stage - and Melania Trump is up next! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Marcus Luttrell is a true American hero! Thank you for your support. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
We are going to get rid of ISIS! America needs real leadership. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
"Mike Pence is exactly the VP I need by my side. He was my first choice to help me Make America Great Again! #AmericaFirst #WeAreWithYou
Donate Now: https://secure.donaldjtrump.com/vp-announcement?utm_campaign=djt_direct_vp-announce_djt&utm_medium=social&utm_source=djt_facebook"
CROOKED HILLARY NO!
Good morning America! Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. While I may be the outsider, I can assure you - if given the opportunity to be your next POTUS -- I will not let you down! -DJT
Bernie Sanders has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. #CrookedHillary
We made a promise to these heroes. Veterans defend America, and America will defend you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"#7. We are going to stop giving bonuses to people for wasting money...
 #VeteranReform"
"#6. I will creat a private White House Hotline...
#VeteranReform10"
"#5. I'm going to make sure the honest and dedicated people in the VA...
#VeteranReform10"
Sadly, the American dream is dead. But if I ever get elected president, I will bring it back, bigger and better than ever. •DJT
Make America Safe Again!
Today once again proved that the system is absolutely rigged. How Crooked Hillary got away with sharing TOP SECRET emails and LYING about it is just absolutely unbelievable! Crooked Hillary should be prosecuted, not running for President! #CrookedHillary #RiggedSystem
FBI DIRECTOR: "No doubt that un-cleared people had access to the server. There were others who maintained the server....who were private sector folks...."
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but the FBI Director did indict her today for her incredible lack of judgment and honesty. Watch her LIE over and over again. Unbelievable! #CrookedHillary #RiggedSystem
"Today and every day, we celebrate our INDEPENDENCE ~ have a GREAT DAY! 
-DJT"
"Wishing you a very, very Happy Fourth of July! There's a lot to celebrate and there will be more to celebrate come November when we take back America! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
DONATE NOW: donaldjtrump.com/july-4th"
"Happy Independence Day! Now, more than ever, we MUST win back our country. Our forefathers believed in what America could be and fought for it! 
It's our time to reclaim our Independence. It's OUR time to Make America Great Again! #Trump2016
Donate now to reclaim our Independence: donaldjtrump.com/4th-of-july"
"When it comes to her unprecedented use of a rogue email system, #CrookedHillary has repeatedly claimed  “everything I did was permitted.” 
WRONG: https://www.lyingcrookedhillary.com/lie/secret-server-hillary-broke-the-rules-lied-about-it
A report by the State Department’s own watchdog destroys Clinton’s lie that she followed the rules. She did not get permission from anyone to exclusively use private email for all of her government work; she failed the requirement to use an authorized and secure system for her email communications; she broke federal records laws by shielding her official records from congressional and public scrutiny; and, she ignored warning after warning that her setup posed a significant cybersecurity risk. 
There is no question that what she did was not allowed. The only question that remains is up to the FBI: was it criminal?"
Join me in New Hampshire for a few minutes- where it all began. I am at a closed Sylvania factory that closed down & moved to Mexico (1,200 jobs.)
"Check it out -- 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here https://www.lyingcrookedhillary.com/lie/clinton-lies-about-classified-material-on-her-secret-server
 #CrookedHillary #Trump2016"
Arrived at Trump International Golf Links Scotland with Donald Jr., and Eric- we are meeting Ivanka for lunch & heading back to New York.
Remember- Crooked Hillary Clinton is a WORLD CLASS LIAR- with terrible JUDGEMENT!
"Hillary has no shame! The Benghazi attacks were a preventable tragedy disgraced further by Hillary’s web of lies. #CrookedHillary
Just out -- 1st video on Lying Crooked Hillary is up. Check it out here https://www.lyingcrookedhillary.com/lie/hillary-lies-to-benghazi-families/"
Here I am with Mary Ann Mendoza, in Arizona. Her son Brandon - a hero -- died as a result of the same policies that Crooked Hillary Clinton supports. Keep the Mendoza family in your thoughts and prayers - along with all of the other families who have lost loved ones.
THE CHOICE COME THIS NOVEMBER- IS CLEAR!
For a start - Crooked Hillary should return the $10M-$25M back to Saudi Arabia, IMMEDIATELY!
Departing San Antonio, Texas! THANK YOU! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst
Thank you Richmond, Virginia! I love you & will see you soon! Donald J. Trump
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
Thank you California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, and South Dakota! I am honored to be your nominee, and I can assure you - - WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN - - TOGETHER! It is time!
THANK YOU to my unbelievable family- for their incredible support of my candidacy-- love you all!
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944.
The values and contributions of America’s Latino community play a significant role in the history and future of our great country.  I am proud to have their growing support. #LatinosForTrump #Trump2016
Amazing photos from San Jose rally, on the rope line. I love my supporters (#TrumpTrain) and appreciate your support! Thank you!
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Al Baldasaro, New Hampshire State Representative and Veteran - attended my press conference on the $5,600,000.00 donated to Veterans groups. He had a few things to say:
"Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. We have to appreciate & respect our police! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"When I am elected POTUS, I will develop an America First energy plan. My plan will create real jobs and real wage growth while protecting the environment. #Trump2016
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/an-america-first-energy-plan"
Crooked Hillary gets caught lying again. #CrookedHillary  #Trump2016
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! #Trump2016
A suggestion for the dishonest media.
Is Hillary really protecting women?
Wow- another great national poll vs. Crooked Hillary Clinton! We are only just beginning. It's time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
The The New York Times never called me about ungrateful former employee Barbara Res. If they had- I would've shown her many emails begging for her job back!
Thank you Lt. Steven Rogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
Good morning America! Watch Ivanka Trump on CBS This Morning right here! You can see why I am confident in running for President of the United States of America! The Trump Organization will be left in great hands with my kids- I am so proud! It gives me the opportunity to serve you. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU OREGON- I will never forget it! Great job on Sean Hannity- last night, Donald Trump Jr. - it is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy. If so, he should run, not her. Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
GOOD MORNING OREGON! I had a wonderful time with you last week. If you did not mail in your vote - it is not too late! You can still get out and VOTE TRUMP at your local municipal clerk's office- by 8pm! Together - we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing New York Times hit piece on me- joined Fox & Friends this morning. We have exposed the article as a fraud.
Ivanka Trump joined Gayle Kind at the Forbes Women’s Summit- at Chelsea Piers, here in New York City. Terrific job- Ivanka!
Why Crooked Hillary cannot be President - - in 3 minutes on Sean Hannity.
Thank you Nassau County GOP. It was an honor to join everyone this evening. I am grateful for your support with my candidacy! Lets defeat Crooked Hillary in November here in New York, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary has bad judgment!
"West Virginia: Tuesday May 10th, cast your vote for Donald J. Trump for President. You will also need to cast your vote for TRUMP delegates. Download and print out the slate card linked below to find out what delegates you should vote for.
To find the delegates to vote for print this slate card: https://assets.donaldjtrump.com/voter_card_wv_sm.jpg"
It is an honor to be endorsed by the West Virginia Coal Miners Association! Thank you! I will not let any of you down - and I LOVED the signs last night, "TRUMP DIGS COAL!" Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The people have spoken and I am honored to be the presumptive nominee for the Republican Party. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I love Indiana! Four hours left to get out and VOTE TRUMP! Tonight - we can make history with a VICTORY. We will secure the GOP NOMINATION, defeat CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON - - and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016
WOW! I am departing Terre Haute, Indiana now. What a rally! THANK YOU! Your support was incredible. Thousands in the theatre- and thousands outside. I LOVE YOU! Make sure you all get out & VOTE ON TUESDAY, MAY 3rd!
"Washington insiders and politicians have failed America. If I am elected President I will create jobs, end illegal immigration and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. #Trump2016
Support Trump: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/l/america-needs-competent-leadership/"
Thank you Bobby Knight. Indiana lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. #Trump2016
AGREED!
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016
THANK YOU to my amazing family- for supporting me in my quest to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN with you! If you live in Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, or Rhode Island - - GET OUT AND VOTE TRUMP TODAY! LETS WIN!!
"Washington is broken! It is time for competent leadership that is not controlled by special interests or lobbyists. We are going to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. #Trump2016
Help fix Washington: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/l/america-needs-competent-leadership/"
A massive rally in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania is a GREAT way to wrap up the day! THANK YOU for the incredible amount of support. NOW - it is up to you Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! Get out and VOTE TRUMP! We will win - and we will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton in November! I love you all - THANK YOU!
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
"Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Donald J. Trump for President AND ALSO vote for the Trump Delegates in your congressional district. This is important! Watch Pennsylvania Co-Chair Lou Barletta describe the delegate process. 
Pennsylvania vote for these Trump Delegates: https://assets.donaldjtrump.com/voter_info_pa_rev2.jpg"
THANK YOU Bridgeport, Connecticut! Incredible! Everyone get out on Tuesday, April 26th - and VOTE TRUMP! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"The Establishment, lobbyists and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Politicians do what is right for big contributors, not what is right for you. It will be my great honor as President to do what is right for you. 
Stop them now: http://bit.ly/1r7XIRl
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
Thank you to my son Donald Trump Jr. and family for their support. I will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for our children. #Trump2016
Thank you Connecticut! See you this evening!! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
I had a great time with my wonderful family on The Today Show this morning. Thank you for the kind feedback & amazing support!
THANK YOU! We are leading this movement by millions of votes- we will WIN the nomination, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower New York.
Make sure you are using the latest version of your web browser- Chrome, Firefox etc. 
360 videos on Facebook are not viewable on Safari or Internet Explorer."
THANK YOU NEW YORK! I WILL NEVER FORGET!
Thank You New York! Watch my speech from earlier tonight at Trump Tower New York.
I am very grateful for the endorsement of America's Mayor, Rudy Giuliani!
I love you New York! Do not forget to get out and #VoteTrump today! THANK YOU for all of your incredible support. It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"New York, it is time to VOTE TRUMP! Let's show our #NewYorkValues. Ivanka Trump  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Find your polling location: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/new-york/"
Our country has tremendous potential. We have tremendous people. Our COUNTRY needs a truly great leader, and we need that leader now! We need somebody that literally will take this COUNTRY- and MAKE IT GREAT AGAIN! It is up to you, New York! Get out to the polls today- and #VoteTrump! Thank you!
New York, we will make America great again!
WOW! THANK YOU, California! I can't wait to get out there- and see you all-- we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Make it a great day!
We are losing jobs to Mexico, China and other countries. Carrier at Home in Indiana is just one example of a company abandoning the US because of bad trade deals. This needs to stop and will stop when I am elected POTUS! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Joe Pags
WOW! THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! Massive crowd of supporters- wanting to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! (Photo credit©Jenna Johnson @jphenna of the Washington Post)
Amazing afternoon in Plattsburgh, New York. Thank you for the support! Jobs are being sucked out of the country- and we're going to stop it!
Indiana, like the entire US, has been devastated by companies moving to Mexico and other countries. We are getting killed on trade and jobs and our elected officials do nothing. This must stop and if I am elected POTUS, it will end. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join us at a TRUMP 2016 Presidential Rally near you! Daily updates at www.donaldjtrump.com/schedule - we look forward to welcoming you! Thank you for your continued support!
I LOVE YOU ROME, NEW YORK! Thank you for a fabulous afternoon!! Don't forget to VOTE next Tuesday!!
"Missouri just declared us the ""certified winner"" of their primary! 12 more delegates added- as we work everyday- to secure the GOP nomination. 
We are in it to WIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! Always great to start the day off with a new ceiling- in my home state of New York! Thank you for all of your support!
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget!
WOW! Cannot THANK YOU for the fabulous welcome home, New York! Tonight is a night that we will never forget! Remember this evening, and get out to VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday, April 19th!
I really appreciate the amount of support, Wisconsin! Stopped by a polling location- to check in on voters- hopefully voting Trump! If you have yet to get out today- don't forget! Love you all! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great question from Joe Pags... Why are you doing this? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
WOW! What a way to end a great day in Wisconsin- at Memorial High School in Eau Claire. THANK YOU! Remember to get out and VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday, April 5th! #TrumpTrain
"Great interview with Joe Pags. Listen as Joe and I discuss the U.S. debt, securing the border and other topics. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
http://woai.iheart.com/onair/the-joe-pags-show-10/pags-talks-to-republican-frontrunner-donald-14561043/"
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted?
THANK YOU, AMERICA! I love you!
See Lyin' Ted, even the Daily Beast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!
WOW! Thank you for your support- this just might be the largest residential campaign sign of 2016! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time and time again- I have been right about terrorism. It’s time to get tough!
"Get Out To Vote Arizona & Utah! You can help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
Arizona: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/arizona
Utah: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/utah
Text TRUMP to 88022 to join the #TrumpTrain!"
Watch my speech at #AIPAC2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Off duty police officer attends my Arizona rally - and explains his entire experience. #Trump2016
"Thank you AmericaForTheTRUMP for the inspiring video. I truly care about our great nation and will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKOQdcVoRys"
LYIN' Ted Cruz is Pro Amnesty. Just another all talk, no action politician. #TrumpTrain #Trump2016
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT! LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU, ARIZONA! I will not let you down. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Is this what we want for a President?
Thank you Marco, I agree!
"Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
A fabulous day in North Carolina, Florida, and Ohio. Remember to get out & VOTE TRUMP! I will defeat Hillary Clinton- and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I cannot thank everyone enough- for your amazing support. A fabulous town hall in Cincinnati, Ohio. I love you, Ohio!
Just another all talk- no action politician.
"I will end common core. It's a disaster. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
END COMMON CORE HERE: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/l/i-will-end-common-core.-its-a-disaster/"
"America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. I have a strong track record of success and if elected I will do what I have promised to do: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Show your support for Donald Trump: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/l/america-needs-competent-leadership"
Carly- I agree with you!
"Another Dishonest Politician 
#LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio"
Keep Marco & his friends out of the White House!
Text TRUMP to 88022 to join the #TrumpTrain #Trump2016
"Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho & Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement! It is election day and it is time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. #Trump2016
Michigan: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/michigan
Mississippi: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/mississippi
Idaho: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/idaho
Hawaii: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/hawaii"
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #Trump2016
"The facts on Trump University the media and lying politicians choose to ignore. Irresponsible and dishonest.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Text TRUMP to 88022 to show your support!"
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Text TRUMP to 88022 to get exclusive updates!"
"FLORIDA: Early voting is now open! Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Ivanka Trump
Find Florida early polling locations: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/florida"
THANK YOU Willie Robertson! I appreciate your support!! #VoteTrump
Marco Rubio must have missed this new CNN poll:
"I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement! Failed candidate mitt Romney, who ran one of the worst races in presidential history, is working with the establishment to bury a big ""R"" win! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Text TRUMP to 88022 to join the #TrumpTrain"
WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together and unify. When we unify there is nobody who is going to beat us! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"I am a unifier. I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together and unify. When we unify there is nobody who is going to beat us! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
 Text TRUMP to 88022 to join us."
THANK YOU COLUMBUS, OHIO! I will be back- but remember to VOTE TRUMP on March 15th-- we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I love you all!
Get Out To Vote! It is Super Tuesday and it is time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
"Welcome to the #TrumpTrain, Sarah Huckabee Sanders!
Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced Sarah Huckabee Sanders joined the campaign as a Senior Advisor. 
Mr. Trump stated, “I have great respect for Governor Mike Huckabee and we have a mutual admiration for our wonderful families. It is great to have his daughter, Sarah, join the campaign.” 
Sarah added, “I volunteered to join Mr. Trump’s campaign because he is a champion of working families; not Washington-Wall Street elites. Like the other Republican candidates, Mr. Trump is pro-life, pro-marriage, and will appoint conservatives to the courts. What makes Mr. Trump my choice for president is he will break the grip of the donor class on our government and make it accountable to working families again. I’m honored to help Mr. Trump Make America Great Again.”
Sarah Huckabee Sanders has advised presidential campaigns and Fortune 500 companies and has been named 40 under 40 by Time Magazine. She lives in Little Rock, Arkansas with her husband Bryan and their three young children."
"Our country is getting ripped off. We need the smartest people negotiating for us! #TrumpTrain
Text TRUMP to 88022 to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
I am self funding and only work for YOU, the American people! Marco has raised $100 million to attack me. He is now owned by his masters. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"THANK YOU SENATOR Jeff Sessions!
DONALD J. TRUMP ENDORSED BY SENATOR JEFF SESSIONS
stars
 Senator Sessions Joined Mr. Trump in Madison, Alabama to Endorse the Republican Frontrunner
(New York, NY) February 28th, 2016 – Today Donald J. Trump received the endorsement of Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions. Senator Sessions is widely recognized as the nation's most highly respected official on the issue of illegal immigration. 
Mr. Trump stated, “I am deeply honored to have the endorsement of Senator Jeff Sessions, leader of congressional conservatives. He has been called the Senate's indispensable man and the gold standard. He led the fight against the Gang of Eight, against Obama's trade deal, against Obama's judges, and for American sovereignty. He has stood up to special interests as few have. There is no more respected man in Congress and we are closely aligned on many issues, including trade and illegal immigration, and I am proud to consider Jeff Sessions an advisor, friend and ally.” 
Mr. Trump and Senator Sessions surprised the massive crowd at the frontrunner’s Alabama rally just days before Super Tuesday Primary contest. 
Senator Sessions added, “I am thrilled today to offer my endorsement of Donald J. Trump for President. This election is our last chance to save U.S. sovereignty and to end the domination of the political establishment over the interests of working Americans. Trump alone has rejected the donor class, defending America’s jobs and wages from open borders, uncontrolled immigration and the massive Trans-Pacific Partnership that will cede U.S. authority to foreign powers. Trump’s trade and immigration plans will revitalize our shrinking middle class, keeping jobs and wealth and income inside the United States of America. Trump understands that a nation must always place the interests of its own people first.” 
Senator Sessions continued, “We are nearing fast the point of no return. The people are hurting. Their wages are declining. Their schools are overburdened. Their hospitals are stretched past the breaking point. Crime is up, and community confidence is down. Americans of all backgrounds and ethnicities, immigrant and US-born, are crying out for leadership that puts their needs first, that takes care of those living and dreaming here today, leadership that understands that there is no constituency other than the American constituency. Mr. Trump is that leader. 
We are witnessing an incredible movement, arising from the people. 
The events of history have aligned to give the people this fleeting chance to bust up the oligarchy – to take back control from the ‘Masters of the Universe’ return it to the good and decent and patriotic citizens of the United States.”"
"The police in our country do not get respect. Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Text TRUMP to 88022 to get exclusive updates from the campaign trail."
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow.
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! The new Reuters National GOP polling is outstanding! Remember- if you do not get out & vote- it will not matter! VOTE TRUMP & LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"We need to fix our broken education system to create opportunity for all Americans.Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Text TRUMP to 88022 to join the #TrumpTrain"
Incredibly proud of my son Eric Trump and all of his efforts on behalf of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee.
"What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Text TRUMP to 88022 to join the #TrumpTrain"
Here we go! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #GOPDebate
"Texas, Georgia & many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement. We are getting closer to Making America Great Again! #Trump2016
Texas Poll Information: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/texas
Georgia Poll Information: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/georgia"
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. The media, special interests, any lobbyists are all trying to stop me. We won't let that happen! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain
"Nevada you have to get out and caucus today! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Find your Nevada Caucus Location: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/nevada/caucus-finder
Nevada Caucus Information: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/nevada/"
Thank you Paul for your endorsement. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"Just landed in Georgia. I have had great friends here for many years. This video brings back some good memories. Together we will ##MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Text TRUMP to 88022 to support Donald J. Trump"
Thank you South Carolina for the amazing victory. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. #TrumpTrain
THANK YOU to all of our volunteers in Greenville, South Carolina! They are BUSY today! Everyone get out and VOTE TRUMP- an we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA! An amazing day with all of you. Everyone be sure to get out and vote tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
"Video of one of my favorite moments from the campaign. I am working for YOU. I am not working for anyone else. Together, we’re going to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Text TRUMP to 88022 to join the #TrumpTrain!"
"I have built so many great and complicated projects – creating tens of thousands of jobs in the process. Building a wall is A LOT easier than building a 64 story building!
LET'S #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
www.DonaldJTrump.com/Nevada"
SOUTH CAROLINA: STAND WITH TRUMP: This Saturday, February 20th, is the Republican Primary in South Carolina! Visit https://www.donaldjtrump.com/south-carolina/ for more information on polling locations and requirements to vote TRUMP. #MakeAmericanGreatAgain #TrumpTrain Ivanka Trump
THANK YOU for another great day, South Carolina! TOGETHER- we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! Everyone has to get out on Saturday, and VOTE! Thank you for all of your amazing support!
If we don’t have borders we don’t have a country. I will build a WALL and stop ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Wow! THANK YOU for another great day in South Carolina! Can't wait for tomorrow! Get out & VOTE on Saturday! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU South Carolina! I will not let you down! Everyone get out to VOTE on Saturday, and we will be one step closer to MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I met a special Veteran in Norfolk, Virginia last October- who is battling stage four cancer. Wanted him know that #TeamTrump is thinking of him. A true American hero. 
#MaitnerStrong"
Great new poll from SC. I will keep this country safe and together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
An illegal immigrant gang member gunned down 17 year old Jas Shaw. Trump will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"Florida: You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. The registration form must be mailed or hand delivered to your nearest elections office. Watch Ivanka Trump explain how simple the process is.
Florida Registration Form: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/fl"
Nevada you must register republican by this Saturday, February 13th to caucus for Trump. It only takes a few moments. Visit: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/nv.
Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day: Thank you for all of your hospitality and support. I need you to go out and vote today! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. I have a strong track record of success and if elected I will do what I have promised to do: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
THANK YOU- Plymouth, New Hampshire! I had a fabulous afternoon with all of you. I appreciate all of the support. It is so important for you all to get out and VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday! TOGETHER- WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #FITN #NHPrimary
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS — I will create borders and the drugs will stop pouring in. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU - NEW HAMPSHIRE! Everyone get out and vote on February 9th- and we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!!
Stop the assault on American values. Stand with Trump to Make America Great Again! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It all begins tonight - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"A message to the great people of Iowa on this historic day:
Find your caucus locations at: http://caucusfortrump.com"
"It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Iowa caucus finder:
www.CaucusForTrump.com"
"THANK YOU to everyone who has supported my campaign! I am very grateful! Do not forget to get out & caucus Monday evening! #CaucusForTrump- and bring your family, friends, and co-workers! We can make history- together!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Iowa caucus finder: www.CaucusforTRUMP.com"
"Good afternoon, Iowa! Monday is caucus night in Iowa! Not sure where to caucus? We have you covered! Watch Ivanka Trump show you how easy it is! Thank you for your continued support! #CaucusForTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Iowa Caucus Finder: http://caucusfortrump.com"
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. I will not let you down! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Politicians are best at keeping their jobs. I get things done. We are going to start winning so much that you are going to get used to winning! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! I will always be tough for America, and will never let you down! Together we will ALL MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Iowa caucus finder: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/iowa/caucus-finder/"
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists and special interests. I will bring the greatest negotiators and smartest operators to Washington to help Make America Great Again! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Should I do the #GOPdebate?
I will end common core. It's a disaster. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. The media, special interests, and lobbyists are all trying to stop me. We won't let that happen! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I will make our Military so big, powerful and strong that no one will mess with us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Ted Cruz isn’t tough on immigration. He stood up for amnesty, not for Americans. President Trump will be the tough leader that America needs. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
THANK YOU for your continued support- Las Vegas, Nevada! #Trump2016
America has been great to me, I want to be great to America. I want to put us back on the right course and Make America Great Again!
Sarah Palin is ready for someone who can take down ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain- are you?
Falwell supports Trump: STRONG message delivered at Liberty University. Watch his strong testimony here:
$19 trillion of debt and growing is a crushing burden to leave young Americans.
Thank you Ivanka Trump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many.
A great morning in Portsmouth, New Hampshire! I thank everyone in NH for their support!
Some GREAT polls that show that we won last night’s debate easily. If elected, I will win for AMERICA! #TrumpTrain #GOPDebate
New Hampshire -- THANK YOU!
A very special morning in Windham, New Hampshire! THANK YOU for the incredible amount of support. There is no question - that if everyone gets out to VOTE- WE are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, together! Again, THANK YOU!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016
Hillary and her friends!
A great honor to have the endorsement of Iowa Senator, Brad Zaun. Highly respected, tremendous energy, and truly loves Iowa as I do!
"2015 was a very special year, and I am grateful for your support! We are making history together! The silent majority is no longer silent - as seen right here!
All of us need to continue the momentum in 2016! If you ALL get out and VOTE - based on the poll numbers, and the sizes of our rallies - we can win! If we win, I assure you that I will be Hillary Clinton's worst nightmare! WE will ALL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain - TOGETHER! 
Thank you!"
Had a fun time last night ringing in the new year with my beautiful family. Best wishes to everyone for a great 2016!
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family & friends- out to VOTE IN 2016! Together, we will ALL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"#2015BestNine via Instagram. 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, Donald Trump Jr. Very proud of you! #TBT
Thank you for this amazing honor to be named man of the year!
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now.
THANK YOU Hilton Head, South Carolina! Remember- while the polls look great for us- if we do not get out and VOTE, they mean nothing. Thank you for all of your support!
I just departed Council Bluffs, Iowa! A GREAT evening- THANK YOU! It is very clear that the silent majority is silent NO MORE! Together, WE will ALL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you!
"I agree with my great daughter, Ivanka Trump- when she said, ""I think he's one of the great advocates for women."" A great piece via Town and Country Magazine. I am very proud of all my children! 
http://www.townandcountrymag.com/society/money-and-power/a4616/ivanka-trump-2016/"
We need a real President!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place). Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
Thank you! #Trump2016
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
Thank you Nashua, New Hampshire! I had a great evening with all of you! It is great to see how the VOTERS will determine our next POTUS- and NOT the media! Have a great evening!
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double & triple them, a disaster!
Good morning America! Great results are in from the highly respected Reuters poll. I appreciate all of your support- as we prepare for 2016! Thank you!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the Republican National Committee, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
Good morning America! Remember- I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Thank you!!
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
Thank you for all of your support! I thought you would enjoy this story from today's Atlanta Journal Constitution. #Trump2016
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Donald Trump’s Greatest Christmas Movie:
Home Alone 2! #TBT 
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/12/24/donald-trumps-greatest-christmas-movie-home-alone-2/"
TIME TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you for your support over the past 6 months. The new CNN/ORC poll is out & WE are doing great! This is about ALL of US- working together for the same goal. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Have a great morning- THANK YOU!
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
CNN/ORC POLL: Which candidate is best at handling: #Economy, #Immigration, & #ISIS? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Good morning America. Wow! Great news coming from Reuters. THANK YOU for all of your support. I will NOT let you down! There is no question about it - whoever the democratic nominee is - they do not want to run against Trump & the #TrumpTrain!
VIDEO: Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally
THANK YOU - America! We are going to end political correctness & fix Washington DC! You can not be politically correct - when it comes to securing our homeland. I assure you that I will do everything that it takes to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Historic video from our rally in Michigan last night. For the first time - after asking them for months - the media has finally showed one of my many crowds! What do you think is next? The media may ask Hillary some tough questions? It is time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!
Good morning America! Just received some great news out of New Hampshire! I thank you for the support. I love being out on the campaign trail & meeting so many of you. I assure you that if I become your next POTUS - I will NOT let you down! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
It's the Democrats' total weakness & incompetence that gave rise to ISIS -- not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
"Thank you Phyllis!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that there was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate on Saturday night. SAD!
Jeb Bush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Good Sunday morning! A NEW Morning Consult poll is out. We are #1 at 36%! Let's keep up the momentum and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. Thank you for your continued support - as we make history together. Have a great morning!
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
THANK YOU CEDAR RAPIDS, IOWA! I had a great afternoon with everyone!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Good Saturday morning America! Fox News released their post-debate poll. We are at 39% (+11% from previous) - thank you! I am preparing for my trip to Iowa today. Really looking forward to it! Have a great day everyone. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Weak & ineffective Jeb Bush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
As I have been saying - only the beginning. We need to protect our homeland!
I have been saying it from the beginning! The refugee situation is getting worse - as each week passes. ISIS is infiltrating the Syrian refugee program- while we have a President who cannot even say the words- RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
ISIS is making $400M per year off of oil. I have been saying for years we need to bomb the oil!
You do not want to miss Barbara Walters 10 Most Fascinating People of 2015 tonight at 9:30pmE on ABC! ENJOY!
There is no question that I will handle the threat of terrorism better than ANY candidate running for President of the United States of America! #Trump2016
GOOD AFTERNOON AMERICA! Christmas is going to be here before we know it! Some GREAT new #Trump2016 gear in the store! It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Together, we will do it! Share your support for Christmas with family and friends. Join us - in making history: http://shop.donaldjtrump.com. #TrumpTrain
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets- https://www.eventbrite.com/e/donald-j-trump-in-cedar-rapids-ia-tickets-19976748994
It has been a very busy 6 months - since I announced that I was running for President of the United States of America. It was nice to join Jimmy Kimmel Live last night. #Trump2016
Thank you - Tom Brady! #TBT
I appreciate the support of Wayne Newton! "Mr. Las Vegas" joined me at the #GOPDebate on Tuesday evening.
I will be on Jimmy Kimmel Live with Jimmy Kimmel in 15 minutes! #Trump2016 #Kimmel
THANK YOU Mesa, Arizona! I am grateful for all of the support! The silent majority is silent no more! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! #Trump2016
Good morning America! A great evening at the CNN #GOPDebate. THANK YOU for all of your messages on social media. It is time to get back out on the campaign trail - so WE can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! The "silent majority" is being heard - loud and clear! #Trump2016
Thank you to all of my supporters across the United States of America. We had a great night at the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your continued support! Let's MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
If I'm so fortunate to be chosen [as GOP nominee], I will do everything in my power to beat Hillary Clinton. #GOPDebate
ON IMMIGRATION: "I have a hard line on this. We have a country or we don’t have a country. WALLS DO WORK! Just speak to the people in Israel. #GOPDebate
I've been saying this for years! It wasn't so fashionable to take the oil a few months ago! Now - we are bombing the oil!
These are people who want to kill us and you're objecting to wanting to kill them? I don't think so. #GOPDebate
ISIS is using the Internet better than we are, and we invented it! They are thugs and terrible people. #GOPDebate
People like what I say, people respect what I say. I started a discussion that needed to happen. #GOPDebate
I am departing Trump International Hotel Las Vegas for the CNN #GOPDebate. THANK YOU for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
After a great week in the polls - it is time for the final #GOPDebate of 2015. I wanted to take a moment and thank all of my supporters out there! The silent majority is silent no more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A great way to stay warm this winter. New #MakeAmericaGreatAgain winter hats are now available! Order today, and get just in time for Christmas. #Trump2016
"Last night - prior to my rally here in Las Vegas, I spent time with The Remembrance Project, a 501(c)3 non-profit that was created in 2009 to honor and remember Americans who have been killed by illegal aliens. The Remembrance Project educates, raises awareness, and conducts outreach in order to support and protect Americans and their families' well-being and safety through upholding U.S. laws and following the Constitution. #Trump2016 
http://www.theremembranceproject.org/"
Between Iraq war monger Charles Krauthammer, dummy Karl Rove, deadpan George Will, highly overrated Megyn Kelly, among others, Fox News not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward - hope I get treated fairly!
"Good morning America! I am out in Las Vegas, Nevada - in preparation for this evenings #GOPDebate. 
The new ABC/Washington Post poll is out - and is consistent with other national polls. A strong indication that you are tired of political correctness, and want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for all of your support! #Trump2016"
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. Together, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! There is something special happening out there, and the silent majority - is silent no more! #Trump2016
"I am proud to share this report, written by the highly respected Dr. Harold Bornstein of Lenox Hill Hospital, stating that I am in excellent health. I am fortunate to have been blessed with great genes --- both of my parents had very long and productive lives. I have truly enjoyed working on the campaign trail with one objective in mind, to Make America Great Again! 
People have been impressed by my stamina, but to me it has been easy because I am truly doing something that I love. Our country will soon be better and stronger than ever before. 
– Donald J. Trump
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/statement-on-donald-j.-trump-record-of-health"
It looks like we just broke another "ceiling." While the establishment schemes to nominate someone they control - the voters are clearly indicating that they want someone who will fix the broken political system in DC. Thank you for your support! Together - we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
“The system has become so incompetent and outrageously bureaucratic. The centers of power are so, so in New York, Washington, D.C., and Los Angeles, that the whole rest of the country is in rebellion. And people are looking for somebody who can kick down the doors.” -Newt Gingrich
Thank you for your continued support! Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
Will our government finally acknowledge that we need a WALL? We can’t solve our country’s problems by being politically correct!
The last person Hillary Clinton wants to run against - is Trump! I will be her worst nightmare! #Trump2016
Good morning. Thank you! I will not let you down. We need leadership - ASAP!
Join me tomorrow morning at 9amE on CNN's - State of the Union with Jake Tapper. A lot to discuss from the Iowa State Fairgrounds. #Trump2016
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so! We need to protect our homeland - and make it safe for all citizens. We need leadership! #Trump2016
THANK YOU for a GREAT afternoon South Carolina! I appreciate all of the support you have given me. The silent majority is silent no more! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Getting the support of Dana White of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
Good morning America! Many new polls are out. They are a great indication that you are fed up with political correctness and the direction that this country is headed- and so am I! Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
I had a great evening in Des Moines, Iowa! Thank you for all of your support. Together we will ALL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"Thank you America! Great to see these numbers. The American people will determine the next President of the United States of America! NOT the media. 
#TeamTrump at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. It is time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016"
My Uncle John was a really smart guy- top of the charts-- nice to have great genes! #Trump2016
It would not surprise me either! What I am seeing & hearing from around the country is disturbing. Time for us all to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. Remember! We need to energize EVERYONE to get out and VOTE!#Trump2016
Thank you Georgia. It is a true honor to have your support with 43% in today's new poll. Politically correct is NOT going to cut it anymore. We need to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN - and being politically correct will NOT get it done! #Trump2016
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland.
Thank you Franklin Graham! I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
Good morning America! Something really special is going on & I am grateful for all of your support. While the media tries to figure out these latest poll numbers - everyone have a great day & know that if I become #POTUS - we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
An honor to be endorsed this evening by the New England Police Benevolent Association in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you! #Trump2016
"Big event in Des Moines, Iowa tomorrow at the Iowa State Fair Grounds. A lot of important things to talk about! 
Get your tickets: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/donald-j-trump-town-hall-in-des-moines-ia-tickets-19789604239"
"For the past 5 months - media poll experts & establishment politicians have predicted that my campaign will fail. As the polls indicate - we are growing, and will continue to do so - thanks to your support!
What else do you think they are capable of under estimating? Terrorism? Threats of cyber-attacks? I DO NOT WANT TO FIND OUT! When I am elected #POTUS - I will see to it that we DO NOT find out!"
Thank you for all of your support. I am running for POTUS because I love this country - and I do not like the direction in which it is going. We need to secure America now! What are we waiting for? Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Megyn Kelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!
Police in London are backing my claim that the media tried unsuccessfully to discredit. Government elites continue to be out of touch with the facts on the ground. Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials - they don't bury their head in the sand! #Trump2016
Thank you SC! We will NOT let political correctness get in the way of keeping America SAFE! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"It is time to STOP being politically correct - before it is too late!
France Raids Mosques... What They Found Inside Proves TRUMP IS RIGHT!"
"Just reported that one of the San Bernardino attackers arrived in U.S. on a fiancée visa with a false address. Our security is a joke. We have to get smart, we have to get tough. http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-san-bernardino-shooters-preplanning-20151209-story.html
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Thank you Jeb Bush- you finally get it!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll -Trump!  We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
"If you love someone who loves their country, be sure to get them a #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat for Christmas! They make for the perfect gift! 
http://shop.donaldjtrump.com/"
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it!
"Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe!
http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/08/politics/donald-trump-poll-new-hampshire/"
The legendary Barbara Walters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on ABC World News Tonight with David Muir at 6:30 PM.
"A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP & ran as an independent. 
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2015/12/08/poll-trump-cruz-rubio-clinton-sanders/76948760/"
Just won IOWA CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%, but The Wall Street Journal reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
Thank you to the great crowd at the #USSYorktown in Mt. Pleasant, South Carolina. Listen to the the response from the crowd to my latest proposal - and let me know if you agree with these PATRIOTS?
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration:
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that! In addition, I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"A date which will live in infamy." 74 years later we honor their sacrifice. I am departing NYC for Mt. Pleasant, South Carolina for an evening at the #USSYorktown. Never forget #PearlHarbor & our #Veterans. #Heroes
Poor John Kasich doesn't have what it takes.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace!
Based on these numbers - it is clear the MSM will not be determining the next #POTUS! The silent majority - is no longer silent! Thank you! #Trump2016
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
"Is that all there is? 
We need a new President - FAST!"
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
I will be sharing some of my thoughts on President Obama's Oval Office Address, right here on Facebook.
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health & happiness! Happy Hanukkah!
"I have been saying it for sometime now!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
President Obama will address the nation tonight. He needs to acknowledge RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM! On Friday night in North Carolina, I was asked what I would say to Obama - at this point:
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of Obama & the e-mails!
"GOP National Presidential Poll Averages.
THANK YOU, America! Pundits are spending their Sunday trying to figure it all out. #Trump2016 is going no where! #InIt2WinIt!"
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
Thank you for the support in Davenport, Iowa this afternoon! Something really special is going on & together we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! The silent majority, is SILENT NO MORE!
THANK YOU for an incredible amount of support today in Spencer, Iowa! I am grateful for the opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain - with all of you! #Trump2016
An incredible evening last night - in North Carolina! I am heading to Iowa now! Enjoy a clip from last night - with our internet sensations, Diamond & Silk. Thank you ladies!
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016
Good news, disloyal Macy's stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas!
I keep saying it. When the President of the United States of America, Barack Obama -  will not issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM - the problem will NOT BE SOLVED!
Very nice, Robert Davi - thank you! The media will not be determining who our 45th President will be. The American people will decide! #Trump2016
Good Friday morning America! #Trump2016 is #1 in the CNN/ORC poll just released - doubling up the #2 spot. The silent majority is no longer silent. You are being heard! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer!
Thank you! Get out & vote in 2016! I assure you that together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
Thank you for this evening Manassas, Virginia. Our thoughts & prayers remain with the victims & their families in San Bernadino, California - along with our terrific law enforcement officers. God bless.
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
"Thank you CBS & Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses. #Trump2016 
http://www.breitbart.com/big-journalism/2015/12/02/trump-100-vindicated-cbs-reports-swarms-on-roofs-celebrating-911/"
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook & Periscope!
I had a great time up in Waterville Valley, New Hampshire last night! Thank you for the support! I am proud to share these poll numbers - as without you - they would not be possible! #Trump2016
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA & submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.
9/11 NYC Mayor & NYPD Commissioner Confirm via @OANN.
I will NOT let America down! Thank you for your continued support of my presidential campaign. Together, we can all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the New York Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies?
What is Obama thinking?
We need a great leader- now!
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.
#1 problem facing U.S. today & #1 presidential candidate to deal with it. #Trump2016
After my meeting with the pastors tomorrow - it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
The Sarasota, Florida, rally yesterday was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring!
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air! Thanks!
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota, Florida - earlier & will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota.
"Classmates discuss what I was like - back in my school days. #Trump2016 
http://www.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-high-school-classmates-what-he-was-like-2015-10"
"IPSOS/REUTERS • Thank You America!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
Good morning America! Go out there and make some great deals today - just like I will do as your President! Thank you for all of your support. http://shop.donaldjtrump.com #Trump2016
With poll numbers like this - we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain real soon! Thank you #TrumpTrain!
A great article to share with family & friends over Thanksgiving dinner tonight. I am thankful to all of my supporters out there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I LIVE IN JERSEY & TRUMP IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE IN NEW JERSEY & WE SAW IT!"
Thank you for all of your support America! Results like these show that the media will not determine who our next President of the United States will be! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
From South Carolina last night- this is what I call a real supporter! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
THANK YOU for your support this evening Myrtle Beach, South Carolina! My family and I had a fabulous time with you this evening. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
A fun time with a great crowd of 14,000 in Ohio last night. They know who will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I am now on the way to South Carolina for another special evening. Lots to discuss!
Brad Paisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
Via Washington Post 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! See full article- http://wapo.st/1R1siFz
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about.
Thank you for all of your support America! I will NOT let you down. Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it? WE NEED THE WALL!
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
The legendary Barbara Walters interviewed my family(and me) last night on ABC 20/20. Watch the full episode here- http://abc.tv/1NiWNHp
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary Barbara Walters tonight at 10PM on ABC 20/20.
I didn't suggest a database- a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism & have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength.
The American people will decide on our next President of the United States of America! Not the media - not special interests - not super PACs!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A great evening in Iowa! We will #BuildTheWall & Mexico will pay for it!
I told you so! UnitedHealthcare issues warning. I will repeal #ObamaCare!
THANK YOU to the 10,500+ in Worcester, Massachusetts last night - and the overwhelming amount of support! We will Make America Great Again!
We need new leadership- fast!
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG & BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Americans are tired of Washington, DC! Thank you for all of your support. We can & will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you for your support America! Together we can & will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
An honor to have a significant lead in Florida - thank you for all of your support!
How does Ben Carson survive this problem – really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.
As President of the United States, my top priority would be to keep America safe & strong! Thank you for your support.
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC News. Preview on ABC World News Tonight with David Muir at 6:30.
What is our President doing?
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Discussing how I would handle ISIS - back in February 2015.
Wow, Macy's shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties & shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Discussing the Syrian refugees with Fox News. 10/3/2015 #TrojanHorse
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
Glad to see that Ronda Rousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have been saying this for years. NOBODY will be tougher on ISIS than me! Anderson Cooper Anderson Cooper 360 CNN - you should acknowledge this!
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He can't say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved!
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Thank you for your support New Hampshire! #Trump2016
"11/13/2015
President Obama states that ISIS is not gaining strength and they are contained.
#BuildTheWall #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"President Obama said ""ISIL continues to shrink"" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!"
Happy Friday the 13th
Thank you for your time this evening, POET Biorefining!
"I will be on Erin Burnett OutFront tonight at 7PM. Tune in!
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Wall Street Journal and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Karl Rove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
#Trump2016
"Good morning! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
#Trump2016 #GOPDebate"
THANK YOU!
Donald Trump Jr. & Eric Trump joined me for the Fox News Business #GOPDebate on Tuesday in Milwaukee, Wisconsin - followed by Morning Joe at Saint Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire (7am today) w/ "Politics & Eggs." Thank you to the New Hampshire Institute of Politics & The New England Council.
An honor to meet members of the U.S. Coast Guard upon my return to New York City. Happy Veterans Day to all those who serve and have served in the Coast Guard, U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, United States Air Force, & National Guard. Thank you!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Thank you Morning Joe -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you New Jersey! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
I will help the veterans like no one else.
Television ratings for Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy!
Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill!
Press Conference LIVE
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in Trump Tower New York at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in Trump Tower New York. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
My interview with Mark Halperin and John Heilemann at Wollman Rink airing at 5PM on Bloomberg Politics.
Megyn Kelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that I’m up?
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy!
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"!
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, Ivanka Trump.
Happy Birthday to my friend Gary Player- one of the truly great golf champions of all time. He looks many years younger than his actual age.
Join me Tuesday, November 3rd at 12PM in Trump Tower New York. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
The Economist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy! https://today.yougov.com/news/2015/10/28/trump-leads-nationally-ahead-gop-third-debate/
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair #GOPdebate!
Thank you Iowa! Great night--- see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on The Today Show from this morning.
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't.
CBS News Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at Trump National Doral Miami.
I am self-funding my campaign and therefore I will not be controlled by the donors, special interests and lobbyists who have corrupted our politics and politicians for far too long. I have disavowed all Super PAC's, requested the return of all donations made to said PAC's, and I am calling on all Presidential candidates to do the same. The character of our country is only as strong as our leaders--- the only special interest I am beholden to is the American people and together we will Make America Great Again!
Joe, thanks for not running!
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him & his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office)
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again. Jeb is too soft- we need tougher & sharper.
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
Hillary Clinton is on the front page of The New York Times waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
#FlashbackFriday With my wonderful father Fred at my graduation from the Wharton School of Finance.
CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
Signing my tax return....
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain
We need a strong leader- and fast!
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now! #DemDebate
Wow, I am giving a speech on OAN. Much more exciting than debate! #DemDebate
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question! #DemDebate
This is not a great debate - a little sad! #DemDebate
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight! #DemDebate
Good move by Bernie S. #DemDebate
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc. #DemDebate
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage. #DemDebate
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance. #DemDebate
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way. #DemDebate
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy! #DemDebate
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely) #DemDebate
I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on November 7th. Looking forward to it!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the #DemDebate live on Facebook!
President Obama was terrible on 60 Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow. Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
"Wacky Glenn Beck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show- a real nut job!
I hear Glenn Beck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers & ratings are way down & he has become irrelevant- glad I didn’t do his show."
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
I will be on Special Report with Bret Baier tonight at 6PM.
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
Just leaving Nashville,Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
Behind the scenes of People.com photoshoot.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate.
With Willie Robertson, a great guy, at our 20,000 people event in Oklahoma last week.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Tax Plan Press Conference LIVE
I will be on 60 Minutes tonight. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at 34.8%. Not only that, my poll #'s are double that of 2nd place candidate. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country. Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office! Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
"Dishonest The New York Times reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward during my speech in South Carolina. Liar!
Yesterday was an amazing day in South Carolina. The crowds and enthusiasm were beyond! Will be back soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Fox News has been treating me very unfairly & I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed.
I will be doing The Late Show with Stephen Colbert at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy!
I think Megyn Kelly should take another eleven day "unscheduled" vacation.
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
I will be on the The Late Show with Stephen Colbert tonight at 11:30.
I got to know Scott Walker well- he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
Jeb has been confused for forty years...
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far. Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
A great night in Iowa!
"If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the President, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!"
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
"I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. 
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/positions/second-amendment-rights"
Just announced that in the history of CNN, last night’s #CNNDebate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers & a thank you note?
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun!
Will be heading over to the #GOPDebate soon. Can you believe CNN is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with Veterans for a Strong America this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! www.vetstickets.com
"Congrats to my friend Arnold Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great & will raise lots of money for charity.
To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer— but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!"
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Backstage with Jimmy Fallon before opening skit- great fun! The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
Amazing crowd outside The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. Tune in at 11:30.
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him. I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here-
Wake up Jeb supporters!
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M., in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter... but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Just announced that because of "Trump", advertising rates for debate on CNN are going from $5,000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase. PAY CHARITY?
I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/0C004F23943C33B9
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch major press conference from Trump Tower New York LIVE
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
A terrible deal with Iran!
No more Clintons or Bushes!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
This is no "act of love" as Jeb Bush said...
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday-
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself!
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, & Alex Skarlatos.
"I totally disagree with the FOX statement. I do not think Megyn Kelly is a quality journalist. I think her questioning of me, despite all of the polls saying I won the debate, was very unfair. Hopefully in the future I will be proven wrong and she will be able to elevate her standards to a level of professionalism that a network such as FOX deserves. 
More importantly, I am very pleased to see the latest polls from Public Policy Polling showing me at a strong number one with 35% in New Hampshire, the Monmouth University poll showing me, again at number one, with 30% in South Carolina and the latest national poll from Gravis where I am again the clear front runner with 40%. It was also just announced that I won the prestigious corn kernel poll at the Iowa State Fair by a landslide. 
I will be in Iowa tonight with my speech being broadcast live on CNN and other networks. My sole focus in running for the Presidency is to Make America Great Again!"
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me.
Depression- be careful of China!
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no new taxes"). GREATNESS!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! For tickets- TrumpAlabama.Eventbrite.com
Behind the scenes video with "Uncle Sam"(eagle's name) and me.
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for TIME photo shoot.
On the cover of TIME Magazine- a great honor!
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
It does matter!
The polls have been really amazing-- we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals!
Just got back from the #IowaStateFair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for President- The Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt & folks at NBC were GREAT!
Not under my watch-
http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/12/politics/cnn-orc-poll-iowa-republican-caucus-data/index.html
Will be interviewed by Sean Hannity tonight at 10 PM for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction & make Iran a force like never before.
Our online store is officially open! Visit www.DonaldJTrump.com/shop to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy & assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on Fox News. His word is always good!
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger
"Fox News you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history & you say nothing but bad. Dopey Charles Krauthammer should be fired. 
The hatred that clown has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate."
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen! #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
http://www.local8now.com/home/headlines/92-year-old-registers-to-vote-for-first-time-says-will-vote-for-Trump-313102521.html
My #GOPDebate Facebook question for the other candidates-
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
Watch my interview with Eric Bolling that aired today- http://nation.foxnews.com/2015/08/01/donald-trump-why-he-scares-gop-establishment
Wow, some new and even greater polls-- thank you!
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/07/28/exclusive-trump-obama-shouldnt-attack-americans-overseas-hillarys-email-was-criminal-smears-against-me-vicious-but-ineffective/
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/249400-poll-trump-holds-double-digit-lead-in-nh
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Watch my interview with Jack Tapper on  CNN State of the Union.
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/07/24/donald-trump-surges-in-post-mccain-backlash-poll/
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo.
Arriving to check out the border.
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
Rick Perry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite!
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
"Donald J. Trump Orders Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers
Mr. Trump Takes Action and Shows Commitment to Military and Vets
(New York, NY) July 20th, 2015- Today Donald J. Trump has ordered all flags at Trump properties around the country to be flown at half-staff in honor of the five fallen soldiers who were tragically killed in last week's shooting. Mr. Trump has long been a dedicated supporter of our military and our Veterans and if the President won't act, he will.
Mr. Trump stated, ""This disgraceful omission is unacceptable and yet another example of our incompetent politicians. It is a simple yet meaningful and important gesture that signifies our respect and recognition for these great soldiers who lost their lives. We must do better for all Americans, especially our military. We must Make America Great Again!""
In addition to the lowering of the flags, Mr. Trump has established a hotline (855- VETS- 352) and email address (veterans@donaldtrump.com) for Veterans to share their stories about the need to reform our Veterans Administration.
If he is elected President he will take care of these and all Veteran complaints very quickly and efficiently like a world-class business man can do, but a politician has no clue."
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
"I am not a fan of John McCain because he has done so little for our Veterans and he should know better than anybody what the Veterans need, especially in regards to the VA. He is yet another all talk, no action politician who spends too much time on television and not enough time doing his job and helping the Vets. He is also allowing our military to decrease substantially in size and strength, something which should never be allowed to happen.
Furthermore, he was extremely disrespectful to the thousands upon thousands of people, many of whom happen to be his constituents, that came to listen to me speak about illegal immigration in Phoenix last week by calling them ""crazies"".
These were not ""crazies""---these were great American citizens.
I have great respect for all those who serve in our military including those that weren't captured and are also heroes.
I want to strengthen our military and take care of our Veterans.  I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN especially for those that serve to protect our freedom. I am fighting for our Veterans!"
"Donald J. Trump Response to Huffington Post
 Mr. Trump is number one in the unimportant Huffington Post poll, along with all other recently released polls including Reuters, FOX, USA Today/Suffolk University and The Economist.
 Mr. Trump is in first place in Nevada, where he is also number one, by a wide margin, with Hispanics. He is number one in North Carolina and expects to win Iowa and New Hampshire.
 Mr. Trump singlehandedly raised the issue of illegal immigration and started a national conversation about what has turned out to be one of the most important topics of this election cycle.
 Likewise, Mr. Trump is the leader on issues such as the terrible United States trade deals, strengthening our military, taking care of our great Vets and the repeal and replacement of Obamacare.
 If you read previously written Tweets, Mr. Trump has never been a fan of Arianna Huffington or the money-losing Huffington Post.
 The only clown show in this scenario is the Huffington Post pretending to be a legitimate news source. Mr. Trump is not focused on being covered by a glorified blog. He is focused on Making America Great Again."
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's.
Have some fun with this-
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? Trump, however, on the other hand would kick his ass!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so! http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/12/world/mexico-el-chapo-escape/
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
You mean George W. Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?"
"""Trump leads GOP field in North Carolina""
http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/main/2015/07/trump-leads-gop-field-in-north-carolina.html"
Happy Fourth of July to everyone! Make America Great Again!
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees-
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy.
Statement on Relationship with NBC-
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Jorge Ramos- Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Addressing record crowd yesterday at Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to D.C. & #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!
Letter to Univision- Re: Trump National Doral Miami
Mexican government doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation & horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal & called me last week to go to his concert. Wow! For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of Neil Young in my office and his $$ request-- total hypocrite. Neil Young's song, "Rockin' In The Free World" was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn't love it anyway.
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland-
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"The last person I'd want negotiating for me is President Obama" Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren.
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father.
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
"Mr. Trump believes that Hillary Clinton has lost all credibility when she blames him for the horrible incident in South Carolina. Why would Mrs. Clinton attack Donald Trump for something that he has nothing to do with?
 Mr. Trump continues to send his prayers and condolences to the people of South Carolina. In light of the tragedy, Mr. Trump also cancelled a sold out campaign event.
 At this time of national sorrow, a responsible leader should be focused on uniting and healing the country.
 Mr. Trump believes that Hillary Clinton does not have any credibility when she blames words for violence. This is the same politician who lied to the world after she failed to take proper steps to secure the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi and falsely blamed the radical Islamic attack on a YouTube video. This is the same person who illegally deleted her emails after getting a subpoena from the U.S. Congress.
 It is totally inappropriate for Mrs. Clinton to exploit this terrible tragedy and use it as an opportunity to attack Donald Trump. She must be nervous about something."
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Watch my appearance on Morning Joe- great interview! http://on.msnbc.com/1GSpKor
Speaking to great patriots at Manchester Community College. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- https://youtu.be/q_q61B-DyPk
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
At 11AM I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope!
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them.
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again!
#TrumpAdvice
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before!
Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters!
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune!
I will be making a special announcement from Trump Towers at 5th Ave on June 16th at 11AM.
June 16th-
I had a fantastic time with Jack Nicklaus at the grand opening of the great Trump Golf Links, Ferry Point. Watch the video.
Great grand opening event yesterday at Trump Golf Links, Ferry Point with Jack Nicklaus.
Watch the latest #AskTheDonald to see if your question was answered!
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY.
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at Facebook NY today. Watch me answer the #rapidfirequestions!
It is time for another round of #AskTheDonald. I will answer your questions in a video from a special location later this week.
Trump National Golf Club Westchester- a great place! trumpnationalwestchester.com
#TrumpAdvice
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or Patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there!
#TrumpAdvice
A strong military makes us respected by our allies & feared by our enemies. Let’s Make America Great Again!
#TBT With my friend Muhammad Ali
#TrumpAdvice
I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors, just opened a new showroom in Toronto with @arteriorsto. The collection looks amazing! #TrumpHomeByDorya
Star Wars #MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing.
Our amazing golf course Trump International Golf Links.
#TrumpAdvice
Met a big fan today!
Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard? Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
#TrumpAdvice
#TrumpAdvice
#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain donaldjtrump.com
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons-
For America to be strong again, the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Let’s Make America Great Again!
#TBT Trump and Gekko
The great Mariano Rivera in my office with my son Eric Trump.
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today.
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders
#TrumpAdvice
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran.
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
With Greta in Washington, D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST!
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
I am happy to announce that the PGA Grand Slam of Golf will be held at Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles this year! http://go.pga.com/1C24TwQ
Just arrived at Trump National Doral Miami for the Cadillac Championship starting tomorrow.
With my friends at the great adidas Boost event at the Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral Miami.
The Cadillac Championship Thursday March 5th- Sunday March 8th at Trump National Doral Miami. For more info- http://bit.ly/1ETy1Vy
Watch my speech from earlier today at #CPAC2015
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas
Via Washington Post “Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid, is hiring staff and delaying TV gig”
The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather- boring and too many other topics.
Trump to host #Oscars?
The #Oscars2015 are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
"The winner of Best In Show of the 139th Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, Miss P, visited the office today.  
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice? Find out tonight- LIVE- on NBC at 8/7c!
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight! #SNL40
I still don't know who I'm going to choose. Geraldo Rivera or Leeza Gibbons? Who do you like? Watch the live finale Monday night on NBC!
#TBT With Britney Spears
#TrumpAdvice
Don’t forget to watch The Apprentice tonight— you will love it! 8 PM on NBC.
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at The View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch the video to find out if your question made it!
It's time for another round of #AskTheDonald. Please send me your questions and I will answer them in a video very soon.
"With three wonderful, but fired, contestants. #CelebApprentice.  
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
ICYMI Clip from last night's explosive #CelebApprentice boardroom-
"All new The Apprentice starts right now!
Photo: Douglas Gorenstein"
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process! #SuperBowl
Now that Mitt Romney is gone, all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to run— and we will win!
Miss Universe Paulina Vega in my office- a wonderful person! Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum!
Indiana Jones and Ghostbusters- what's wrong???#TrumpVlog
"All new The Apprentice starts right now!
Photo: Douglas Gorenstein"
Miss Universe ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! http://bit.ly/15CFDQ7
Preview of tonight's all new The Apprentice- 8PM on NBC.
Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by @NickJonas @PrinceRoyce and @GavinDeGraw.​
Manny Pacquiao and friends at Trump National Doral Miami.
Watch the 63rd Annual Miss Universe Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrZFlfLjaV0
With @souleschris from #TheBachelor in Iowa.
The Miss Universe contestants review their amazing stay at Trump National Doral Miami. Watch the 63rd Annual Miss Universe Pageant this Sunday at 8PM on NBC.
#TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson
I look forward to attending & speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expo- total sellout crowd! Landinvestmentexpo.com
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- "no more fighting!" #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse
"With Shawn Johnson and Lorenzo Lamas from The Apprentice- two great people!
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
Tomorrow on the Miss Universe Facebook page at 10AM ET submit your question for the contestants and it might be chosen as the final question for this year's Miss Universe pageant! Watch the 63rd Miss Universe Pageant this Sunday at 8PM on NBC!
With Joan Rivers and Ivanka Trump from last night's great boardroom!
The Apprentice will be very interesting and exciting tonight at 8PM on NBC. Joan Rivers puts on a great show! http://youtube.com/watch?v=F1BeQUj2lN8
The new Red Tiger course at Trump National Doral Miami. Follow Trump Golf for more great photos.
#CelebApprentice Photo from last night's boardroom.
All new The Apprentice starts now on NBC!
Lights... Camera....You're Fired! All new The Apprentice tonight at 8PM ET on NBC!
My Morning Joe interview from Trump National Doral Miami on why Romney shouldn't be GOP nominee-
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago.
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
Watch this video to learn more about Trump International Realty's Michelle Griffith and some of our spectacular real estate in New York City.
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, The Apprentice ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show. #CelebApprentice
Two new episodes of The Apprentice start right now on NBC!
TheRealKeshiaKnightPulliam at Trump Towers at 5th Ave The Apprentice red carpet this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25,000 to her charity. Photo credit: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
The Apprentice starts now on NBC. This is going to be a special season- great characters and cast. You will soon see!
Premieres at 9/8c tonight on NBC!
#CelebApprentice The Apprentice returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC.
#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? The Apprentice premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC.
A sneak preview of the upcoming season of The Apprentice. Premieres this Sunday at 9/8c on NBC.
The Apprentice season premiere this Sunday at 9PM on NBC.
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember, WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!
This Sunday at 9/8C, the real playoffs begin with the premiere of The Apprentice! Game on in the Boardroom...
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!
#TrumpAdvice
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice & expecting a different result.
#FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of Trump Rink.
#TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2, a holiday staple.
#TrumpVlog The Interview A sad day for freedom of speech-
I was the featured guest at the very prestigious Economic Club of Washington, DC last evening where I participated in a one-on-one interview with David Rubenstein of The Carlyle Group. Watch the video here- http://cs.pn/1vVJehQ
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way, the report on torture should be the least of our concerns.
#TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, NY.
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums & raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
#TBT With James Lipton on the set of The Apprentice.
The cast of the new season of The Apprentice. Premieres January 4th on NBC.
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice-- he would be rich as hell!
#TrumpVlog Rosie wasn't even a short term fix at The View.
#TrumpVlog Rosie needs to rest and relax. It's not working.
Just as I predicted- Rosie would fail on The View. Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? Rosie always fails.
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
There is no excuse for riots in #Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
#TrumpVlog Hagel quits-
#TrumpAdvice
#TBT
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – Fred C. Trump (My father!)
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research & development. Defund, Repeal & Replace!
“How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's £63m private jet”- http://dailym.ai/1wQnzbY
#TrumpAdvice
Obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
Happy #VeteransDay to all.  And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed
"Listen to hear The Donald vs. ""The Donald""(Frank Caliendo)
http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=11835274&ex_cid=sportscenterTW"
My wonderful golf club Trump National Golf Club Colts Neck
#TrumpAdvice
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again!
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
Watch this video to see the new cast of The Apprentice. Premieres January 4th on NBC.
#TrumpAdvice
#FlashbackFriday Kim Kardashian on the set of The Apprentice
Happy Halloween! http://yhoo.it/1DDcHla
#TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left.
"Happy Birthday Ivanka Trump! You are an amazing daughter! 
Photo: Douglas Gorenstein"
#TrumpVlog Quarantine the nurse!
#TrumpAdvice
#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with. Obama's fault.
#TrumpVlog Free our Marine!
#TrumpVlog South African justice-
Oscar Pistorius will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty. The judge is a moron!
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a President too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue
#TrumpVlog Katy Perry will do much better-
3rd rate writer, Vicky Ward, who begged me for help-- see her letters to me. http://pge.sx/1wPQuhA
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
Katy Perry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
"DONALD J. TRUMP WINS MAJOR VICTORY OVER N.Y STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ERIC SCHNEIDERMAN
 (For Further Information Contact Michael Cohen 212.836.3212 Mcohen@trumporg.com
or Jeff Goldman 212.867.4466 x312  jeffgoldman@bbwg.com)
The New York State Supreme Court has just issued various rulings which destroy the case brought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman against Donald J. Trump’s Trump University.  The three most important causes of actions have been thrown out entirely and the $40M damage claim is now down to a very small amount of money, if any.  The minor remaining portions of the case create a very heavy burden for the Attorney General to win, as his case is based on “inadmissible, unsigned evidence,” according to the Court ruling.  Schneiderman also lost his motion for summary judgment because there was no proof of any fraud whatsoever.  Indeed, the Court called out Schneiderman’s “evidentiary deficiencies.”  
Mr. Trump stated “Eric Schneiderman is a total lightweight who is considered by many, including myself, to be the worst Attorney General in the United States.  He spent millions of dollars of taxpayers’ money trying to build his name and reputation on publicity by going after me and now his entire case has been totally decimated. This all for a school that has a 98% approval rating from its students.  The Better Business Bureau has recently given the school an A rating.  In my opinion, he is a corrupt politician.  All you have to do is look at what is taking place with the Moreland Commission, etc.  Because of his frivolous lawsuits, many jobs are leaving New York City and New York State.  As soon as this case is over we will consider re-opening the school to all of our students and hire back the teachers and others, thereby creating lots of jobs for New York.”
“The publicity-mad Schneiderman is desperately trying to change his weak and ineffective image with the voters prior to election” continued Mr. Trump. “The State desperately wanted to settle this case with me—I have no interest in settling and most of the case is now won. Almost the entire case has been thrown out and the remainder totally weakened.  The original lawsuit was brought in the names of 10,000 students, almost all of whom signed affidavits praising the school, and is now reduced to less than 1,000 students. While the judge would not allow us to sue, at this time, for malicious prosecution, she stated that we can come back at a later date with this charge—which we will.” The highest fine for operating without a license in the history of New York has only been a few thousand dollars and we will appeal this part of the decision.
Sadly, certain newspapers did not cover this victory correctly and only spoke to Schneiderman and his people. The real fact is this has been almost a complete and total victory for Donald Trump and the school."
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf. Worse than Carter.
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S.
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!
#TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers?
My golf club Trump National Golf Club Westchester, a great place!
#TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola?
Stop the flights!
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!
#TrumpAdvice
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it.
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
My friend Derek Jeter is a special athlete & special person-- there is nobody like him.
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy & tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoYXihwcp8c
On 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country- I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter.
Joan Rivers was a great friend and a truly magnificent talent. She had an energy like no other and it was an honor to know her so well. She was my winner of the eighth season of the The Apprentice and had a strength seldom seen. We just finished shooting Season 14 of Celebrity Apprentice and Joan was a very entertaining and important part of it. She will be missed. Watch here as Joan wins Celebrity Apprentice.
Joan Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses- one vaccine at a time, over time.
Watch Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump accept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge- http://youtu.be/_l-C6Cpkd10?list=UU9AKA0PYiGCSPqfCEMaKtag
Enjoy the #hyperlapse of Trump Tower.
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and talented Joan Rivers! Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman.
#icebucketchallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is-
"The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxDAyUiXphg&list=UU9AKA0PYiGCSPqfCEMaKtag"
Vince McMahon, Mike Tyson, and Homer Simpson I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my page tomorrow….
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%, he should be bunker busted to hell.
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
#TrumpAdvice
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral
#TrumpAdvice
#TrumpAdvice
#TrumpAdvice
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor & comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the @usopen
Doctors have already died treating Ebola http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ebola-virus-outbreak/doctor-contracts-ebola-after-treating-american-who-died-nigeria-n171946 …  We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
If our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
Watch this tour by Trump International Realty's Michelle Griffith of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue- http://youtu.be/vOXD_RBV9rM
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
This week's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people, great dedication. Watch the video of the ceremony here- http://youtu.be/CjTvRflsAfU #D.C. #Trump #OldPostOffice
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force One, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics & play!
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- Old Post Office groundbreaking ceremony. Watch the video- http://youtu.be/CjTvRflsAfU
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Jimmy Kimmel Live is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
The harder you work, the luckier you get!
Rosie is back on The View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan
Happy 4th of July to everyone, including the haters and losers!
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
#FlashbackFriday Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is @TrumpChicago in #Transformers 3.
#TBT Filming a Oreo commercial with Eli Manning, Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond.
#TBT Saturday Night Live
America used to be the leader of the world. Thanks to Obama America isn't even leading from behind.
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. It's absolutely gorgeous!
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry, a Luxury Collection Resort, Scotland.
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland.
To all of the great fathers out there, Happy Father's Day!
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine
"Thank you Today Show for the wonderful and honest poll results on Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago sign. People love it!
http://on.today.com/1jozlUQ"
#TBT With my father, Fred Trump, in Brooklyn,1975. A great Father’s Day gift—a stay at my 5 star hotel @TrumpNewYork along with items from my signature collection http://bit.ly/1nlhz8V
Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!
Someone just asked me, who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator?
Special event at Trump Vancouver
Tune-in to NBC tonight at 8/7c for the 2014 #MissUSA Competition LIVE from Baton Rouge.
Thank you to the greatest heroes.  #DDay70 #WWII
Happy 30th birthday #Ghostbusters! It was great to have Trump Tower be a part of the series.
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
Only you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info: http://bit.ly/TaVsaT
#TBT A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Father’s Day gift—a stay at my 5 star hotel @TrumpNewYork along with items from my signature collection http://bit.ly/1nlhz8V
Amazing view of Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles.
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back & face justice.
#TBT Here I am with Gwen Stefani and Donald Trump Jr.
Watch my speech from the National Press Club luncheon yesterday- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKkKQmbyECw
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious-- and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai, 272 right down the middle.
I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING!
Advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:  "Know everything you can about what you're doing."
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
The road to success is always under construction. --- Arnold Palmer.
Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job report. Over 800,000 left the work force with average hourly wages & weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
#FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left.
Announced with PGA of America that we will bring Sr. PGA Championship to Trump National DC & the PGA Championship to Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
"It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on Fox and Friends, some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement! Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are, here is my Fox & Friends interview-
http://video.foxnews.com/v/3515289397001/what-would-donald-trump-do-about-donald-sterling/#sp=show-clips"
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
#TBT As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City.
Many call Trump International Golf Links "The World's Greatest Golf Course", now you can see why.
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, Buffalo Bills should remain in Buffalo.
#FlashbackFriday With Rudy Giuliani at Trump National Golf Club Westchester
#TBT WrestleMania 23
I pick the best locations- Trump National Golf Club Charlotte has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman.
Remember, negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and don’t settle easily. If you have the goods, you will ultimately win.
Obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan,” so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
#FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney,Regis Philbin and Tony Bennett.
#TBT On the stage during the Emmys performing "Green Acres" with Megan Mullally
“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.” – Arthur Schopenhauer
So many people don’t understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time.
"Neil Young- one of my favorite musicians- in my office.
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy!
#TBT- WrestleMania 23: I shave Vince McMahon's hair- highest rated show in WWE history.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center.
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -- Winston Churchill
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: "Be sincere; be brief; be seated."  F.D. Roosevelt
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch the video and see if your question made it in.....
I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
It's time for another round of #AskTheDonald. Please send me your questions and I will answer them in a video next week.
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do."  – Steve Jobs
"The best vision is insight." -- Malcolm Forbes
While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!
"With Patrick Reed right after winning the Cadillac Championship this weekend at Trump National Doral Miami.
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
"The opening of the Tiger Woods Villa at Trump National Doral Miami.
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars
Whatever happened to "old Hollywood"?  So much more glamorous. It's Obama's fault (just kidding)! #Oscars
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics- another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
"Great minds have purposes; others have wishes." --Washington Irving
"Individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
-- Vince Lombardi"
Isn't it crazy, I'm worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled by moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD.
"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- Henry Ford
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily change the law before an election?
Great purchase in Ireland- will be a top spot! http://bit.ly/1kyRcwI
"Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work." - Think Like a Champion
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
Wind energy is a complete economic disaster…. http://on.wsj.com/1nIaz6D
Rio de Janeiro joins the Trump Hotel Collection in 2016. It’s going to be a spectacular hotel!
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was- the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
This may be the worst football game played by one team, Denver. Hard to watch. #SuperBowl
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed.
Steven Tyler stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy!
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro, our first South American @TrumpCollection hotel set to open in 2016
Press conference at the opening of the Gary Player Villa at Trump Doral.
"With Ivanka Trump and Eric Trump at the opening of the Gary Player Villa at Trump National Doral Miami.
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife Melania Trump-- a truly great decision by me!
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
"WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor in December 1941 and ended with the surrender of Germany and Japan in 1945, the U.S. produced 22 aircraft carriers, 8 battleships, 48 cruisers, 349 destroyers, 420 destroyer escorts, 203 submarines, 34 million tons of merchant ships, 100,000 fighter aircraft, 98,000 bombers, 24,000 transport aircraft, 58,000 training aircraft, 93,000 tanks, 257,000 artillery pieces, 105,000 mortars, 3,000,000 machine guns, and 2,500,000 military trucks.
We put 16.1 million men in uniform in the various armed services, invaded Africa, invaded Sicily and Italy, won the battle for the Atlantic, planned and executed D-Day, marched across the Pacific and Europe, developed the atomic bomb and ultimately conquered Japan and Germany.
It's worth noting, that during almost the exact amount of time, the Obama administration couldn't build a functioning web site."
To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
“Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - John Wooden
A-Rod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
Understand that difficulties, mistakes & setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
#TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL.
Today is the 10 year anniversary of The Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field, and then plan the best route for success.
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Have your own vision & stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique. Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early & get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe- or end it.
Have a happy, successful and healthy New Year!
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
“No one remembers who came in second.” -  Walter Hagen
Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
"Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression." - Think Like a Champion
#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere.
O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!
Always try to learn from other people's mistakes, not your own- it is much cheaper that way!
"#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
#2.  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
#3.  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results."
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. Watch to see if your question made it!
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP6VqB4klpQ
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps & NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John.
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!
For all of those that think life is easy & don’t want to work, remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD.
I will be doing another round of #AskTheDonald. Please ask me questions and I will answer in a video later this week.
Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
Wow, a really great review of my golf club in Scotland, Trump International Golf Links, in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you!
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. -- Nelson Mandela
#TBT Playing golf with some friends at Trump National Golf Club Westchester not so long ago.
Exciting news—After massive construction, the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral Miami is open for business today.
The atrium of Trump Tower dressed up for Christmas.
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame-
A beautiful view from my office today. #TrumpTower #Winter #CentralPark #Snow
Great meeting with Naghmeh Abedini, the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed, who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!
Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed.
A special message for Martin Bashir-
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember, they all want to be YOU!
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
Trump International Hotel & Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline with its 616 ft twisting & beautiful tower.
Spectacular progress has been made to the Main Clubhouse at Trump National Doral Miami!
With the great Billy Graham at his 95th birthday.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
We always enjoy hosting tourists in Trump Tower. They come from all over the world to see the Atrium, a New York City landmark. www.trumptowerny.com
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Here I am playing golf with Tom Brady.
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the first round of #AskTheDonald. Watch to see if your question made it!
I want to answer your questions here on Facebook. #AskTheDonald and I will answer some of your questions in a video later this week.
"Miss Universe, fresh in from Venezuela, at my office.
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
Guess who is talking to Miss Universe at Trump Tower? Not terrible hair!
I got George Zimmerman right- watch- http://instagram.com/p/g5oz_tGhRa/
Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
"Miss Universe visited my office- tall and beautiful!
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
Trump National Doral Miami villas- before and after-
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!
“Don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent-- and be tenacious.
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night.
This year's The Eric Trump Foundation event featured a performance by The Apprentice winner John Rich. A great event for a great cause! Watch the video-
"#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website-
https://vine.co/v/hj3Kgxn7AHP"
“Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.” – Think Like a Champion
A great victory in Scotland ...
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage. Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America. Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
"Jack Nicklaus with Donald Trump Jr., Eric Trump, and myself at Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point.
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
I'll be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9PM.
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
Did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? So much for Hope & Change.
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned Washington Redskins to change its name. He needs to focus on his job!
“Life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Great ruling on wind farm in Scotland—very smart judge! Front page article.
No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway.
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope & Change.
The Democrats in Congress don’t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards? How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
Everyone should calm down. Ben Affleck is going to do a great job as Batman.
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel!
Wow, with all this talk, Miss Universe is going to Russia on November 9th-
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today. You will never be forgotten!
Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and myself in front of The Old Post Office, D.C. on Pennsylvania Avenue- will be one of the finest hotels in the world!
"Lots of fun on The View with Jenny McCarthy and Sherri Shepherd.
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
"Doing a commercial for the NFL and Fox- lots of fun!
Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization"
“Remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘He who has the gold makes the rules.’” – Midas Touch
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
From the great author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad-- Robert Kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article.
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama.
We have given Syria so much time and information- there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest, Miley Cyrus- ttps://vine.co/v/hi0d2vOjt3P
Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband http://bit.ly/16VSvj6 .  You can help! I did @fundanything #donate
#FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week of Oprah Winfrey's show- Oprah is terrific!
"Time flies- it’s Trump Tower's 30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEu_wo4-T9Y&feature=c4-overview&list=UU9AKA0PYiGCSPqfCEMaKtag"
Our great project in South America, Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay, will have spectacular views and the finest amenities.
#TrumpAdvice
#TBT Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See, I can be very military. High rank!
Obama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare. Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
"Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump International Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for ""Best Pet-Friendly Hotel""
http://www.10best.com/awards/travel/best-pet-friendly-hotel/"
"Get respect, and do not give a damn if people like you." --Think Big
Let me sum this up for you...
Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT
Negotiation tip: Be patient, be persistent, be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself.
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner-
Happy Birthday Nelson Mandela!
With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio, Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel.
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice.
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch this video.
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” - Pablo Picasso
Steven Tyler visited me at Trump Tower- what a great guy!
"Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation, we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZlHvVbHqVI"
My son @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
We should be concerned about the American worker & invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
"If you have a hard time communicating, one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience." - Midas Touch
Receiving the @RobbReport trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
.@GovernorPerry stopped by to say hello.
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent. He was also a decent man. We will all miss him.
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thought- could happen to anyone!
A friend of mine went to @CakeBossBuddy and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of @TrumpTowerNY.
At press conference receiving accolades for "world's best golf course"- Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
"Inspiration exists, but it must find you working." -- Pablo Picasso
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed Yankees organization, lied to the fans & embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.
I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursday’s episode of Katie Couric. Don’t miss my talk with Jacob: http://ktie.tv/1950UzS
Watch this video to take a sneak peek into one of Trump Park Avenue's most exclusive residences on the market.
"Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." - Golda Meir
Isn’t it amazing that Obama “never knew” about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
.@TraceAdkins- the winner of @ApprenticeNBC after last night's victory-
Who do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice
People love Lil Jon!
"To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing. " - Think BIG
Obama & his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
Enjoy The Apprentice tonight at 9PM - a really great episode!
Please tune in Thursday, May 2nd at 5:00pm EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her newest  “Melania® Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry” collection!
“Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe Ruth
Just left news conference at @TrumpTowerNY with @TheGaryBusey- people love @TheGaryBusey!
Great photo with Ivanka Trump and Joan Rivers from this week's The Apprentice.
Next year @TomBrokaw should be the comedian at the White House Correspondents’ dinner. The only problem is that with marbles in his mouth nobody would be able to understand the jokes.
The  White House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess that’s because I didn’t attend(even though I was invited by 5 different groups).
I have a lot of @Apple stock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen on the iPhone. It should be slightly larger than the Samsung screen- and they better get it right fast because they will lose a lot of business.  I like the larger screen.
Joan Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on The Apprentice - she is fantastic. 9PM on NBC!
“Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.” – Think Like a Champion
#TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004.
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with Eric Trump- see same hairstyle!
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
It was great to have The Apprentice veterans George Ross and Bret Michaels back in the boardroom.
"Watch Gary Busey tonight on The Apprentice- some really crazy things happen! 9PM ET NBC!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7Q4csqroHc"
#TBT With Donald Trump Jr. almost 35 years ago.
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies. And as we have learned from ObamaCare, Washington only makes things worse!
Everyone loves @AmandaTMiller- here she is with @Joan_Rivers and me.
I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog.
Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever.
Make sure to watch The Apprentice tonight at 9PM ET on NBC. A great show, just like The Masters.
I talk about Obamacare in today's #TrumpVlog-
Don, Ivanka, Eric and I 20 years ago. #TBT
Congratulations to Ivanka Trump and Jared on the big news.  I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
What a great group! With Arnold Schwarzenegger, Bruno Sammartino, and Triple H - WWE Universe.
I discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog- http://youtu.be/agk9ZCrYol4
"Follow me on Instagram- @realDonaldTrump
http://instagram.com/realdonaldtrump"
Fellow inductee Bruno Sammartino and me at the WWE Hall of Fame.
Here I am with Trish Stratus at the WWE Hall of Fame.
In today's all new #TrumpVlog I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
It was great seeing Arnold Schwarzenegger at the WWE Hall of Fame.
Here I am with Ivanka Trump and Eric Trump presenting the WGC Cadillac Championship Trophy to Tiger Woods at Trump National Doral.
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.
The Apprentice is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty Melania Trump who reveals her great skin care collection Melania Caviar Complexe C6 available at Lord and Taylor.
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing!
.@WineEnthusiast just awarded Trump Vineyard’s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in Virginia History. Congratulations to @TrumpWinery.
"You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes." - Ronald Reagan
With Dr. Dror Paley & Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago.
"“Winning is the most important thing in my life, after breathing. Breathing first, winning next.” -  
George Steinbrenner"
BIG NIGHT on The Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT, starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid, not fixed, in your expectations.
Please help @autismspeaks with their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic. http://bit.ly/YfQpAX
Thanks for all the nice comments about the Late Show with David Letterman last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings.
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?  Here we go!
I'm doing the Late Show with David Letterman tonight -should be interesting!
Many people look at successful people & don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
“Luck does not come around often. So when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard." Think Big
Last night’s  The Apprentice once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
The Apprentice tonight at 9PM ET on NBC- some amazing things happen!
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love.
It won’t stay a buyer’s market forever. If you can, take advantage and buy property ASAP. You’ll thank me!
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
NBC just announced that all 1 hour The Apprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours- it’s amazing what good ratings will do!
It was great having @ArsenioHall back on this week's @ApprenticeNBC!
Don't forget to watch The Apprentice tonight at 9PM ET on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral.
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice
I'll always like @OMAROSA because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because “I know how to play the game.” #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
Even @PiersMorgan is impressed by @THEGaryBusey. #CelebApprentice
.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by @BrandenRoderick. #CelebApprentice
.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan and @OMAROSA really hate each other. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump and @PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice
I can’t believe he would choose @OMAROSA as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice
I always believed @BretMichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but respect his decision. #CelebApprentice
.@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move, Lisa. #CelebApprentice
Looks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
I will be live tweeting during the premiere of The Apprentice at 9 PM ET. #CelebApprentice
.@DeeSnider, @StephenBaldwin7, and the rest of your favorites are back! All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday 9PM @NBC.
.@StephenBaldwin7 and me at a press event for All-Star @ApprenticeNBC earlier today at @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump and me at the @todayshow this morning.
There is no comparison between @ApprenticeNBC and Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands down even after being on television for 12 seasons.
Wow, I was just informed that I'm being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at @MSGnyc-
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
Remember, if you don't promote yourself, then no one else will! Likewise, believe in yourself--or no one else will either.
In my office with Banana Joe, who just won the @WKCDOGS at @MSGnyc.
I went to Wharton, made over $8 billion, employ thousands of people & get insulted by morons who can’t get enough of me on Twitter!
Melania Trump looks amazing in 2000 Sports Illustrated!
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
Good luck @RoccoMediate and nice hat!
Is Karl Rove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
My TMZ interview with Harvey Levin discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against Bill Maher to the end. tmz.me/XVAiI1
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in America!
Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes, Reagan's presidency looks better and better. Photo- Ronald Reagan Presidential Library.
.@sternshow My interview with Howard Stern this morning!  http://youtu.be/OM-eC23QcMs
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor, poor Country!
Had a great time on The Howard Stern Show this morning—he will and should never change!
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
As promised, my Super Bowl pick is the San Francisco 49ers.
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient & wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and Melania Trump--- all involved with this season's The Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
Little Mac Miller, I’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog!
Little @MacMiller sent me an expensive plaque for making his song “Donald Trump” such a big hit. Mac, you still don’t have the right to use my name.
I don’t know why the Yankees keep paying A-Rod- they have a perfect out.
Another nasty season premieres Sunday, March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC!
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago.
A party at Mar-a-Lago with Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown.
Just to show you that my predictions turn out to be right re: Anthony Weiner.
Happy 8th Anniversary to Melania Trump.
Watch this great behind the scenes video of Ivanka Trump's Spring 2013 photo shoot- http://youtu.be/Qd8xZctYpSc
Here I am with @RodStewart at Mar-a-Lago.
.@_KatherineWebb with some of my memorabilia.
You wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful @_KatherineWebb is- 6'5" in heels. She is also a total winner in every respect.
Miss Alabama @_KatherineWebb stopped by to say hello today.
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST, and 6:00PM EST, to the QVC network to watch my wife Melania Trump debut her first 2013 “Melania® Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry” collection!
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star @CelebApprentice
Here I am with Christian Bale when they filmed The Dark Knight Rises at Trump Tower. Very nice guy and terrific actor.
Here I am with Miss Universe 2012 Olivia Culpo at a press conference. Photo: Valerie Macon
Watch Ivanka Trump's December video update.
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible.
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways.  #Sandy
"What I am is a great builder. I build great things and become successful, and everybody talks about them."  - Donald Trump.  Playboy interview on Amazon: http://amzn.to/V2sCD4
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid, while their causes are seeing very little. Do your research before donating this holiday season!
Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April opening—great news for Scotland.
Celebrate 2013 @TrumpSoHo with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now: http://ow.ly/fgj3w
Help those in need affected by #Sandy. @TrumpSoHo is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to @RedCross for #sandyrelief. http://ow.ly/fgiX2
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral.
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing.
She’s baaack! @Rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. But it won’t help-- she’s got no talent & no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
A test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @ABC (other than his bad ratings).
".@hardball_chris says he’s “glad” we had a hurricane!  With many people dying and thousands hurting, MSNBC should fire him immediately. Has a small audience anyway!
http://youtu.be/32WvkwKVRxc?t=21s"
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin’ Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article… http://bit.ly/PCgw7n
Amazing, various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about them. It is a great honor to have the media so focused on my statements when they don't cover others.
We have to make America great again!
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it-- reasons why to follow.
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble... like never before.
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Well, back to the drawing board!
Me voting--- it really is my hair!
I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win, lose, or draw, I’ll be there!
Watch this behind the scenes video of Ivanka Trump's Fall 2012 collection photo shoot.
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words---
A wonderful place.
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency.
Press release. Video response to follow.
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
President Obama missed the deadline!
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel- http://bit.ly/TOU3Fu  A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon.
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
"Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.
Photo: Lloyd Bishop/NBC"
I will be on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tonight. Lots of fun!
Not one Trump building, even those along the Hudson River, lost power --- a testament to quality systems and construction.
People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out.
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you!
People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium ---   unlike others, I stayed open.
Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured, blowing in the breeze.
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was “professionally dead.” I saved her tiny career—now she knocks my offer on the TODAY Show!
Sarah Jessica Parker voted “unsexiest woman alive” – I agree. She said “it’s beneath me to comment on the potential Obama charitable gift.” What’s really beneath her?
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer & give $1,250,000 to each family of the four murdered in Libya due to his administration's negligence. Great idea!
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity. @Late_Show
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush have released the requested records. Why not President Obama?
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
As stated, here is the press release.
You have all been waiting--- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now, press release to follow at 12:15.
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be making the announcement on Facebook and Twitter tomorrow.
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "Ok, go get him"?
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden.
Mitt Romney looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
I guess they don’t have freedom of the press in Scotland.  We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to publish it.  I don’t know what is wrong with it, it seems factually accurate to me.
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
"A reader just sent me the following:
 ""I wanted to share with you something rather startling. On page 103 of your book, Time To Get Tough, you write this chilling & prophetic statement about the Libyan issue that dominated Tuesday's debate: 'Even with Qaddafi gone now, unfortunately, the price we will pay for our stupid Libyan policy may end up being far more expensive and dire than the billion dollars we've already blown there...We know that al Qaeda is already in Libya.'
 In light of the murder of our US Ambassador in Libya Chris Stevens and the three other brave Americans that were slain, I was stunned when I re-read that. Sagely, you warned this would happen in your book."""
Robert Pattinson- I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen Stewart- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
I find it very sad that we have a President with zero private sector experience attacking an opponent for being successful.
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
Stupid George Will gave Mitt Romney no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
Obama better than last time, but again, Mitt Romney wins. Good night.
You talk tough, Mr. President, but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. Mitt Romney is looking strong and sharp.
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
All-Star Celebrity Apprentice press conference-
The cast of the upcoming season of The Apprentice on The Today Show this morning......
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think?
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat.
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment. Follow @realDonaldTrump.
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
If Rihanna is dating Chris Brown again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!
The Celebrity Apprentice cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30 AM ET during The Today Show with Matt Lauer.
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
With these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps http://bit.ly/Uz9Hpi  Four more years?
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate. A new record. See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
"Mr. President, you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house, but not to your own facts." -- Mitt Romney
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' Who is this guy? Where's the media? bit.ly/SzIBuR
Trump Tower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
As a big job creator, I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good, he was absolutely fantastic tonight!
My daughter Ivanka Trump is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also being honored, Chairman Emeritus of the Estee Lauder Companies, Leonard A. Lauder, and Chairman & CEO of Comcast Corporation, Brian L. Roberts.  I am very proud of Ivanka!
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 700 million voters will be watching.
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company. Cronyism!
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
Thanks for all the great comments!
Republicans and Mitt Romney must get tough very soon.
Check out this amazing video of the talented kids over at St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital singing Hey Jude! Great job!
Our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes- watch the video for a look...
I am very proud of Eric Trump. He did an amazing job raising over 2 million dollars for St. Jude Children's Hospital at this year's Sixth Annual Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational.  Watch the video to see more about the event which also featured a performance by Lisa Lampanelli.
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations!
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr. & his father have done an amazing job...great school & the students were fantastic.
A letter written to one of my many critics!
A letter from an amazing woman.
After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
Wake Up America! See article: "Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake"
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
In today's video blog I speak about Clint Eastwood, the DNC, and Drew Peterson.
Here I am with Donald Trump Jr. and the architects of Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Michael Clarke Duncan. He was a talented actor and a wonderful fiance to my friend Omarosa. Will be missed.
Melania Trump is on QVC tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces & Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
Here I am with Donald Trump Jr. and the crew at Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
Walking Trump International Golf Links Scotland with my greens crew.
Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand, how do OPEC & the speculators get away with this?!
Playing a round with President Clinton and Arnold Palmer at Trump National Golf Club Westchester.
I am very worried that if President Obama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
The golf course in Scotland is a raging success- it's the talk of Europe! www.trumpgolfscotland.com
Obama is petrified of the birther issue so they go on the offensive to try and make the Republicans feel guilty and stupid. Watch what’s coming!
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he’s gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate.
Nice letter from Macy's great & talented boss, Terry L.
Watch the video to see the opening of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course.
Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation.
Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said, “children should not get vaccinated.” I believe fully in vaccinations and all of my children have been vaccinated. What I am saying is that vaccinations should be spread out over an extended period of time and not given in one massive dose- and if spread out, you will see the autism rate in children drop precipitously.
I am very surprised that Lance Armstrong gave up. I never thought he was a quitter. He should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
Watch the video to see the opening of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course.
I’m not only honored to be receiving the 2012 Statesman of the Year award, I’m also thrilled to report that the event has been sold out with the largest crowd ever. This is going to be a very exciting evening.
Great read from Newsmax.
Watch my On The Record interview discussing why President Obama is not a nice guy, and who will win the 2012 election.
A great photo of Mitt Romney and me.
Miss Teen USA 2012 Logan West visited today.
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the RNC convention. Everyone will love it.
My Squawk Box CNBC interview discussing Mitt Romney's pick of Paul Ryan, how to frame Medicare debate & RNC convention.
Jeffrey Robinson’s Trump Tower has it all. The ultra rich, powerful, and beautiful. It’s your summer must-read http://amzn.to/NGZ2PQ
Watch the video to see if your questions were answered. It was a lot of fun, let's do it again soon!
Great article on Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
A review of Mike Tyson's show, great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland, and more in today's #trumpvlog.
Watch this video to see how Ivanka Trump granted the wish of an aspiring jewelry designer.
I would like to answer your questions in my next video blog.
You guys and gals are amazing- such great energy! Thanks!
I am really appreciative of your great comments about Trump International Golf Links Scotland and other things. Such great support! You are my friends!
My Squawk Box interview discussing 2012 election polls, Mitt Romney's current trip & the US housing & land market.
Ivanka Trump's latest video update.
Working with Ivanka Trump on the repositioning of the newly acquired Doral in Miami, Florida.
I played a great game of golf with Mark Sanchez this past weekend.
This was recently sent to me--interesting.
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
In today's video blog I review The Dark Knight Rises.
The 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links, Scotland.
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect Mitt Romney this November.
Two more weeks until the July 10th opening.
"This is what happened at a great Scottish Golf Course, Royal Aberdeen. The members are apoplectic. Wind Turbines are a huge environmental hazard that are often referred to as monstrosities --- which they are. I won’t let this happen to any of my courses, it’s a disgrace. Also, wind power is very expensive to build and maintain and very, very inefficient. It is an environmental hazard and everyone knows it.
Donald J. Trump"
The wait is almost over- Trump International Golf Links in Scotland opens July 10th.
Please read this article-
Please read this recent article-
Mitt Romney and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you!
Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue.....
The Trump Home Central Park Barware Collection is a great gift idea for Father’s Day. Available at Macy’s and Bed, Bath and Beyond. I’m sure you will love it! http://bit.ly/MGCy6V
Tune in tonight at 7:00PM EST., and June 7th at 1:00am EST., to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her Summer 2012 collection of “Melania® Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry”!
I just did a cameo in the Miss USA 2012 "Call Me Maybe" video featuring Andy Cohen and Giuliana Rancic. Watch the video...
Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look...
Watch Miss USA 2012 live tonight on NBC at 9PM ET.
The Miss USA 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City. Watch Miss USA 2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET on NBC.
The Miss USA 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City. Watch Miss USA 2012 this Sunday at 9PM ET on NBC.
My new fragrance Success by Trump is the perfect gift for Father’s Day. It is sold exclusively at Macy’s and smells fantastic! http://bit.ly/IXwKzV
The Trump Home Mattresses by Serta are fantastic. Check out our new collection of iSeries mattresses- http://bit.ly/Nf4taF.  You will love them!
During their press tour of New York City, the 2012 Miss USA Contestants stopped by Trump Tower to visit Donald Trump. Watch Miss USA 2012 Live on NBC June 3rd at 9 PM ET.
I am thrilled that my Success by Trump gift set is now available on Macys.com. A great scent is the perfect way to top off any look! http://bit.ly/Lip8Lw
Who would you like to see on next season of Celebrity Apprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
In today's video blog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter.
Who will win? Find out tonight- live Season Finale at 9PM ET on NBC.
The final two in the lobby of Trump Tower. Watch the live Season Finale 9PM ET this Sunday on NBC.
Donald Trump Jr., Clay Aiken, Arsenio Hall, and me at Trump Tower earlier this week.
The final two- Arsenio Hall and Clay Aiken- visited yesterday.
Watch Ivanka Trump's latest video update.
Last year's Celebrity Apprentice winner John Rich and Marlee Matlin stopped by to interview the final four in this week's episode.
I had a great time doing press interviews with Lisa Lampanelli and Teresa Giudice earlier today.
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice. Watch right now on NBC and follow @realDonaldTrump.
A photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open.
Shaun White stopped by to visit this week.
Here is a great video from the official launch of my new fragrance, Success by Trump at Macy’ Herald Square!
Watch this sneak peek of tonight's The Celebrity Apprentice. 9PM ET NBC.
Here’s a photo from my appearance at Macy’s Herald Square with the stunning Miss Universe 2010 and face of Success by Trump, Ximena Navarrate. Success by Trump is sold exclusively at Macy’s http://bit.ly/IXwKzV
Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th.
We recently held the ribbon-cutting ceremony to mark the official opening of the spectacular new Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto, Canada's tallest residential building.
Tonight’s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET NBC. It will be amazing.
The song "Donald Trump" hits 54 million views. Mac Miller- where's my money?
I’ve always believed that Mar-a-Lago is the most extraordinary mansion ever built in America, and today after counting 2.4 million votes, the Florida Chapter of The American Institute of Architects announced that Mar-a-Lago claimed the top award for National Historic Landmark in the state of Florida. I am proud to have restored this national treasure to its original glory and I’m honored to receive this fantastic award from the AIA.
In today's video blog I discuss Anthony Weiner, the Secret Service, and the passing of Dick Clark.
Dick Clark was a friend of mine, he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed.
I am getting ready to head over to Macy’s Herald Square to officially launch my new fragrance, Success! I will be signing autographs on the 3rd floor at 5:30pm. I hope to see you there! www.trumpsuccess.com
I will be at Macy's Herald Square at 5:30 PM today for the launch of my new fragrance Success. Come over and say hello!
Paul Teutul, Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week.
My new golf course in Aberdeen Scotland continues to be recognized as quite possibly the greatest links course ever built and it hasn’t even opened yet. Everyone in the golf world is talking about it.
I’ve gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a baby/toddler under 24 months are. It is totally insane – a baby cannot handle such tremendous trauma. Now they come up with this ridiculous study blaming obesity in the mother. The FDA should immediately stop heavy dose vaccinations and you will see a huge decrease in children with autism. What do they have to lose—nothing—but plenty to gain if I am correct. There is great dishonesty about autism!
Governor McDonnell, First Lady Maureen McDonnell, Eric Trump and myself at a Virginia tourism, wine, food and film reception in Trump Tower yesterday.
Ivanka Trump recently held her Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at Lord & Taylor in New York City. Watch for a behind the scenes look-
Celebrity Apprentice contestant Lou Ferrigno stopped by to visit today.
My book with Robert Kiyosaki, Midas Touch is divided into five sections representing the five fingers. The second is the index finger which represents F.O.C.U.S: Follow one course until successful.
My book with Robert Kiyosaki, Midas Touch is divided into five sections representing the five fingers. The first is the thumb, which represents strength of character, and turning bad luck into good luck.
In today's video blog I discuss Obama's deal for gas prices, Miss Canada/Miss Universe, and Celebrity Apprentice.
Dee Snider and Debbie Gibson joined me for interviews today to talk about The Celebrity Apprentice.
Miss Universe and Miss Teen USA stopped by yesterday to visit.
Greta Van Susteren and me yesterday. Watch the interview- http://bit.ly/H2khYt
Behind the scenes photo of Greta Van Susteren and I filming an interview- Watch tonight at 10PM ET on Fox News.
Eric and I going over blueprints for another amazing project.
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of Florida’s top 100 buildings by the Florida chapter of the American Institute of Architects. If you agree, please vote for Mar-a-Lago as #1. Cast your vote now through April 6, and the Institute has not put a limit on the times you can vote. Thank you for your support.
Find out about our new #CelebApprentice App http://bit.ly/AyyZij
Afghanistan, Rick Santorum, and why I fired two people on this week's The Celebrity Apprentice.
Last night’s Celebrity Apprentice featured my daughter Ivanka’s spring 2012 collections of apparel, handbags, shoes & outerwear which are doing incredibly well. To coincide with the episode, Ivanka’s Facebook is now featuring a sweepstakes with a prize package that includes 2 tickets to The Celebrity Apprentice live finale, a stay at Trump Soho and a shopping spree at Lord & Taylor. Visit Ivanka’s “Must Know” tab on Facebook for more details and enter to win!
Ivanka Trump just posted a new video update sharing some exciting news including the opening of Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto to Doral, the Old Post Office and the newest episode of The Apprentice airing tonight at 9pm EST on NBC!
OP ED piece written by me on the Old Post Office building....
Gasoline prices are skyrocketing.
Oscars' Biggest Losers: Sacha Baron Cohen and Vanity Fair
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower.
Apprentice wins! The Celebrity Apprentice got off to a fantastic start on Sunday, ranking #1 in the 9-11pm time slot among ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox for adults in the 18-49 & 25-54 age groups along with other key demographics according to the NBC/Nielsen Ratings. The show also raised a record amount of money for charity compared to previous Celebrity Apprentice premieres, something the entire cast can be very proud of.
The winner of the Westminster Dog Show came to visit me at Trump Tower earlier today.
Playing password on Jimmy Fallon with Dee Snider and Teresa Giudice from The Celebrity Apprentice. Photo copyright: Lloyd Bishop/NBC.
Paul Teutul, Sr. of OCC recently presented to me the Trump Chopper.
In today's video blog I discuss windfarms.
Below is a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. of "American Chopper" and "The Celebrity Apprentice" presented to me today in Trump Tower.
My thoughts on Rick Santorum in today's video blog.
Tune in tonight at 1:00AM EST., to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 “Melania® Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry” collection!
You’re hired! Hired to get voting. The CENTURY 21 ad is airing today during the Super Bowl and we need your votes! To preview the ad, vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best Super Bowl commercial, click the link and “Like” the page.
My endorsement of Mitt Romney.
I’m on my way to the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Las Vegas, where I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday, February 2) at 12:30pm pertaining to the Presidential race.
President Obama's dismal record.
I’m very proud to celebrate the 15th anniversary of Trump International Hotel & Tower New York. We have the best location in the world—right on the south west corner of Central Park with Columbus Circle and Lincoln Center as a backdrop. This beautiful building has always been one of the highest rated hotels in the world as well as offering the most coveted condominiums in the city. I invite you to take a closer look at one of the crown jewels of the New York City skyline.
I’ll be starring in the Century 21 Super Bowl spot along Deion Sanders and Apolo Ohno.  It’s going to be a great game and a great commercial, so watch for it in the third quarter.
Check out this photo shoot video of Ivanka Trump's Spring 2012 collection.
In today's video blog I discuss President Obama's State of the Union address, Apple, and a great article in the Wall Street Journal.
My new tailored clothing collection is now available at Macy’s stores nationwide and on Macys.com. Pair it with a Donald J. Trump Signature Collection dress shirt, tie and cufflinks and always be boardroom ready. Act fast because there’s a really great sale going on right now!
I am honored to be chairing the American Cancer Society Gala tonight where I, along with Julie Andrews, will be presented with the ACS Lifetime Achievement Award. The event at Carnegie Hall is a historical occasion as we pay tribute to the great piano legend Vladimir Horowitz.
The Republicans must defeat President Obama and not themselves.
This season of Celebrity Apprentice is even bigger and better than ever. We’ve never had more candidates and we’ve added three extra episodes. Take a look at the new cast who will be appearing on the premier, Sunday February 12th on NBC.
There’s still time to order my new book in time for Christmas. It’s a great gift!
Congratulations to my son Eric on making Forbes “30 under 30” list!  I am extremely proud of his tremendous personal and professional accomplishments – he is talented, driven and deserves every one of the accolades he receives.
China is laughing...
The first book signing at Trump Tower in New York was so popular that I’m doing another one on Thursday from noon to 2pm in the atrium off of 5th Avenue. Don’t miss it!
Order "Time To Get Tough" in either hardcover or the Kindle edition now on amazon.com.
Lawrence O'Donnell and Rosie O'Donnell- same last name, same bad ratings.
Tonight I will be signing copies of Time To Get Tough in Westbury at Costco, 1250 Old Country Rd, from 6 pm to 8 pm. On Thursday December 15th I'll be signing copies at Trump Tower (5th Ave between 56 & 57) from noon to 2 pm
Why I cancelled the "great debate"......
The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower right now.
My new book "Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again" is now available in stores and online. Get your own copy signed by me Friday December 9th at 11am at Trump Tower in New York City. Books on sale at 9am.
I would like to congratulate Trump SoHo, Trump Chicago and Trump Las Vegas on their recent awards as Travel + Leisure's “World's Best Business Hotels 2011”.  Thank you to all of the business travelers that voted for these spectacular Trump Hotel Collection properties!  I am very proud that Trump is at the top of yet another highly recognized “Best of” list!
Want to know what is the worst kind of employee? Watch today's video blog.
Trump International Hotel Waikiki Beach Walk recently celebrated it's 2nd anniversary, here is a video message for the team....
President Obama is very inconsiderate.
Tune in this Thursday morning at 6 AM EST., and 8 PM EST., to QVC to watch Melania Trump introducing her new collection of “Melania® Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry”!
My thoughts on why President Obama will attack Iran, and more on Occupy Wall Street....
My dream to build the world’s greatest golf course in Scotland has been realized.  The setting is unlike any other and the course undeniably sets a new standard in golf course design.
My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's video blog.
Obama's mic, the Debate, and my Endorsement in today's video blog.
Watch my daughter Ivanka Trump's video blog on her Facebook page.
One of the many stories covered in my upcoming book "Time To Get Tough" is the night of the White House Correspondents' Dinner.
See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's video blog.
Is Jon Stewart a racist? Includes clip.
My thoughts on Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa.
Watch what I have to say about Iran and Iraq.
Tonight at 8:00PM EST on QVC, my wife Melania Trump debuts the sixth line of her “Melania® Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry” collection.
My thoughts on Gadhafi's death, President Obama, and the misery index.
My thoughts on President Obama's campaign.
Don’t miss my upcoming interviews, tonight with Sean Hannity at 9ET on Fox News, and tomorrow morning on the Today Show with Matt Lauer on NBC.
My new book Midas Touch is available in stores now.
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 1AM EST
More Tweets Answered. 1- The last time we had a real leader. 2- China.
Tweets answered. 1- Herman Cain 2- Why it is important to have a leader with business experience. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SU9B6f1OrY
My son Eric held the 5th annual Eric Trump Foundation fund raising event earlier this month at Trump National Golf Club in Westchester New York, generating over one million dollars in a single day for St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital. The event was sold out and Bret Michaels did an amazing job on stage both performing and getting the audience involved to raise even more money.
I’m thrilled that my new tailored clothing line for men has officially launched at Macy’s. The collection offers some great suiting options for the Fall. Be the first to check out the new line on Macys.com and at select Macy’s stores.
My daughter Ivanka is not only a brilliant businesswoman; she’s also an incredibly talented fashion designer. Her exclusive lines of jewelry, shoes, handbags and now outerwear are doing phenomenally well.
I’m thrilled to be in Australia where over 20,000 people in Sydney and Melbourne are coming to hear me speak.
My thoughts about the Emmy awards program.
I will be appearing at Macy’s Herald Square tomorrow at 5:30 to introduce the new Trump Home crystal line. The collection is something very special and the designs are spectacular.
One of my favorite tennis players should get a lot more credit.
Watch the Miss Universe pageant tonight live from Brazil at 9:00 on NBC.
The former Vice President gets very malicious in his new book.
Hurricane News and reimbursement from Libya.
I’m very proud of my son Eric’s charitable foundation benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  In just a few short years, the foundation has raised millions of dollars to help treat children with cancer and other catastrophic diseases.
I don’t understand why our leaders help the rebels in Libya without making a deal first. What are we getting in return?
I had a fantastic interview with Governor Mike Huckabee for his show, HUCKABEE, airing this Saturday night at 8 p.m. on Fox News and again on Sunday at 8 p.m. & 11.
Rapper Mac Miller is becoming famous for his rap song “Donald Trump” with over 20 million views.
I recently took delivery of my new private jet. I replaced my Boeing 727 with a larger Boeing 757 custom designed with the Trump touch. It’s truly a magnificent aircraft.
Now China is stealing from us. We need to get tough and send them a bill!
Squandering money on useless projects. Waste is waste, even if it creates jobs.
Who I liked in the Republican debate.
A lot of people are asking me what to do when our country’s economy is so bad.
Thank you Giovanni’s Coal Fire Pizza, in South Florida, for donating and shipping 400 of their award winning pizzas to the Police Athletic League’s Annual cultural event for inner city children this Friday in New York. When John Amodeo, Giovanni’s President, saw Sarah Palin and me eating pizza together, he arranged a donation in my honor to my favorite charity and I chose PAL as the beneficiary of their generosity.
Who do I think would make the best Republican candidate?
My ‘From The Desk Of” video log has become so popular that people are sending me comments on the desk itself.
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 1am.  I’m so proud of her.
I’m outraged by what the criminal justice system won’t do to the mass murderer in Norway and by what they did do to Amanda Knox in Italy.
As I see it the Republicans have a choice, make a great deal now or extend the debt ceiling until June or July 2012 and make an even better deal then.
I don’t understand what the Republicans are afraid of. They have an incredible opportunity to straighten out our country’s financial mess and they don’t seem to realize it.
Congratulations to the fantastic Trump Hotel Collection.  Both Trump International Hotel & Tower in New York and in Chicago are in the Top 10 Best Hotels in the U.S.  Great accolades for two of our spectacular hotels.
What are the Republicans doing in the debt ceiling negotiations? Although they hold all the cards, they appear to be folding under pressure instead of negotiating the best deal. They clearly need a better deal maker.
Last week, I flew down to Panama to officially open Trump Ocean Club - the tallest and largest building in Latin America.  This magnificent new hotel is spectacular and I hope that you will visit it.
I am so proud of Derek Jeter – what a spectacular champion!  I’ll tell you what I would have done if I caught Jeter’s 3000th ball and my thoughts on something I am not so proud of…the national debt!
I recently purchased one of the greatest pieces of property in Virginia with one of the largest wineries in America. My son Eric is now in charge of the Eric Trump Winery where he will be producing outstanding vintages from this magnificent vineyard.
The 2011 MISS USA PAGEANT airs live from Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas this Sunday night at 9:00PM ET on NBC. This year’s show will be hosted by Giuliana Rancic and Bravo’s Andy Cohen and for the first time in pageant history, we're letting you pick one of the semifinalists. Vote online now and enjoy the show Sunday night.
Trump Golf combines my passion for the real estate business with my love of the game. My incredible portfolio of 10 extraordinary golf courses around the world is truly special and something that I’m very proud of. My one public course is just south of Los Angeles right on the coastline of the Pacific Ocean.
Something that I agree with President Obama on.
Some of the political circumstances that led to my recent decision not to run for President.
My thoughts regarding the mess Congressman Anthony Weiner got himself into.
Sarah Palin came by my office and we went out for pizza to discuss the economy and other concerns about our country. She’s a terrific woman.
The Miss USA contestants dropped by my office this week to say hello. I’ll be bringing you the pageant live from Las Vegas on NBC June 19th.
This has been a very difficult decision to make and I want to sincerely thank my Facebook fans for their fantastic support.
With one week left until the live finale, who do you think should win The Celebrity Apprentice?
I’ve been very busy with political engagements and had another opportunity to speak in New Hampshire that was very well received. The core issues I'm addressing are really resonating with the public.
My numbers in the polls continue to be fantastic. Now Bill O’Reilly has me up against Mitt Romney on his poll center page.
"I want to personally congratulate President Obama and the men women of the Armed Forces for a job very well done. I am so proud to see Americans standing shoulder to shoulder, waving the American flag in celebration of this great victory.
We should spend the next several days not debating party politics, but in remembrance of those who lost their lives on 9/11 and those fighting for our freedom. God Bless America"
I’m thrilled that I was able to get President Obama to finally release his birth certificate yesterday. Now we can move on to the important issues facing our country like oil, the economy and jobs.
Three of my wonderful children work for the company. They are incredibly talented, work hard and love what they do. We have a great time together and I’m very proud of them.
My thoughts on Medicare, firing people, and young entrepreneurs.
My thoughts on the Tea Party following my speech in Boca Raton.
The response to my interview with Sean Hannity has been terrific and I’ll be speaking this Saturday in Boca Raton.
I had a great  conversation today with Sean Hannity that will air tonight and tomorrow night on Fox News at 9 p.m.  Don't miss it.
Another tough decision on Celebrity Apprentice. I never like firing good people but sometimes they leave me with no other choice.
I hope you watched my interview this morning on the Today show, I thought it was very well done. Hear answers to some of your questions about jobs, business lessons, breakfast and how I feel about Iraq.  Follow me on Twitter and send in your questions: twitter.com/realdonaldtrump
Everyone is talking about the Meatloaf meltdown on Celebrity Apprentice last Sunday. There’s never been anything like it on the show but that was tame compared to what’s coming up between Star and NeNe.
There’s been a phenomenal response to my conversation with Bill O’Reilly last night. Don’t miss part two tonight at 8EST on Fox.
Bill O’Reilly asked me to come on his show to discuss 2012, Obama, Libya and a host of other topics, airing tonight at 8pm on Fox.
Sometimes it's just your attitude that can get you fired. What do you think of last night’s decision?
I just got off the phone with the Executive Management Team at The Trump Network. We’re doing really well and we’re going to continue to do well.  It’s all about people, network marketing, and creating a better lifestyle.
How I deal with someone like Qaddafi.
The worst commercial on television and the fantastic ratings from Comedy Central’s “Roast of Trump” show last week.
Is it the “State of the Union”, or should I say the “State of the Golf Union, Trump-style”?  Get an inside look at my annual Trump Golf meeting with my clubs management from across the world. It’s not all fun and games as I voice my displeasure on a variety of course matters. Tonight at 9PM ET only on Golf Channel.  Where in the world do you want me to build a new golf course?
A few thoughts about the outcome of last night’s Celebrity Apprentice and the importance of staying focused.
Today I’d like to share my thoughts on the terrible situation in Japan, the outsourcing of American jobs, and my three part formula to beingsuccessful.
If you think it’s tough in the boardroom, wait until you see what it’s like being roasted on Comedy Central, airing tonight at 10:30/9:30 central. I endured a lot of punishment but it was all for a good cause. Be warned, this show is definitely not for kids or the easily offended.
I have a few comments about Lisa Rinna and why I decided that she should be fired. After hearing my explanation do you agree with my decision?
Meet the master designer behind more than half of my successful golf courses: Tom Fazio.  Hear how our relationship began and find out what Tom thinks about our collaboration on an-new Donald J. Trump’s Fabulous World of Golf tonight at 9PM ET only on Golf Channel.  Have you ever played any of my courses? If so, which is your favorite?
My thoughts on the firing of Charlie Sheen, our dependency on foreign oil and terrible highway construction in Los Angeles.
Hear the reasons why I fired David Cassidy and about the fantastic ratings from the season premiere of The Celebrity Apprentice.
The season premiere of The Celebrity Apprentice airs tonight on NBC at 9/8 central. I’ve assembled an amazing cast and there are lots of fireworks and major drama.  The reviews have been fantastic and I promise you will be thoroughly entertained.
I've already received thousands of questions from Americans concerned about the state of our country. In today's video post, I address questions about jobs, Obamacare and OPEC.
I’m shocked at the situation in Libya. Thousands of people are being slaughtered and our country should be taking immediate actions to stop the carnage. You can hear what I would do in today’s video post. Keep sending me your questions on Twitter http://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump and I’ll keep posting my opinions.
As interest in my possible presidential run continues to grow, I wasn’t surprised to see yesterdays Newsweek CNN poll that showed me in a virtual tie with Obama. I’ll tell you why in my most recent video blog.
In addition to overseeing real estate and hotel development, my daughter Ivanka also has her own jewelry line, footwear and handbag collection. She’s giving away terrific merchandise all week so go to her Facebook "Must Have" page now to enter the sweepstakes.
I was honored to speak at the CPAC (Conservative Political Action Conference) in Washington DC yesterday where I received a fantastic response on my potential candidacy for President and my ideas to rebuild our country.
Don’t miss Oprah this Monday.  The show is entitled “Fascinating Families” and  it's the first time ever that I've had my entire family together for a sit down interview. I can assure you that it’s a captivating, funny and thoroughly entertaining hour.
My wife Melania Trump is appearing on QVC tonight from 11PM-1AM and again on Monday morning from 10AM-11AM to debut the new "Melania® Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry Collection”. She's a great designer and has done a fantastic job on the new line.
The people at the www.shouldtrumprun.com have got it right!  How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries when they have no environmental restrictions!  America’s workers need us.
Don’t miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31st at 9pm ET.  The best golf program on television, you’ll see more celebrity matches on the spectacular Trump courses and I’ll take you behind the scenes of my golf business including a look at the construction of my biggest golf project yet, Trump International Golf Links in Scotland.
I am pleased to announce that all five hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure’s “World’s Best Awards 2011.”  This is an unprecedented honor. Take the survey and you'll be entered to win a $10,000 trip to the destination of your choice complements of Travel & Leisure.
Tonight is the Apprentice finale on NBC. It's a fantastic episode with the great Liza Minnelli performing and I’ll decide who will be my new Apprentice. Cast your vote now for Clint or Brandy on Ivanka’s "Must Watch" Facebook tab http://on.fb.me/9pon1x
In case you missed “Titans” on CNBC last night, tune in Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm, 11/21 at 9 pm or 11/24 at 7 pm for the one hour program on how I made TRUMP into a super brand and created a global empire. It’s a great show and I know you’ll enjoy it. For a preview, check out the CNBC Titans page:
China Part 3: There have been sharp comments about the Fed’s actions from not only China but Germany, Brazil and a large portion of Asia. Obama’s misguided monetary policy is ruining this country and our chance for economic recovery is being diminished. Oil prices are going up and our stability is in jeopardy. I say start dealing with China as it should be dealt with, and we’d be taking a step in the right direction.
China Part 2: When people soon have to start paying $25 for a loaf of bread or $10 for a Hershey’s candy bar, people are going to say—“what happened?” Ultimately it will lead to a major recession or perhaps, even the D word, a Depression. On top of everything else, the Chinese are reprimanding Obama for what he is doing, treating him almost like a juvenile—even though they were doing the same thing.
China Part 1: President Obama has fallen into the Chinese trap. Rather than taxing Chinese products due to their manipulation of the Chinese currency in order to make their products cheaper to Americans, Obama is destroying our currency by printing billions of dollars—in other words, cheapening our dollar. This will lead to many bad things such as higher prices, especially for commodities and in particular, for food.
Watch part 2 of my conversation with Greta Van Susteren to hear more of my views on some of the most important economic issues facing our country including jobs, oil and running for president.
Find out what I had to say about the state of our economy “On the Record” with Greta Van Susteren.
Don’t miss my Fabulous World of Golf show tonight on the Golf Channel. The one hour special is solely dedicated to Trump International Golf Links of Scotland, my biggest and most spectacular golf project yet. You have never seen anything like it.
Which famous leader would you like to work for? That's the question posed by HR solutions company Adecco, which polled 1,000 employed adults to find out which famous leaders would make for ideal bosses. Oprah was number one, President Obama two, and I was third out of the top 15. Not bad.
Last week was a real dog fight between the men and it was very tough deciding who should be fired. Think you could do better? Join us in the boardroom on Ivanka’s behind the scenes Facebook tab “Must Watch” to pick who you think I should hire or fire then decide which team you’d want to be on.
Don't forget to tune in to NBC tonight for another action packed episode of The Apprentice. Who do you think has what it takes to go all the way?
I’m very excited about the return of 'The Apprentice' premiering on Thursday, September 16th. This time I’m giving 16 economically challenged candidates the opportunity to compete for the ultimate second chance at reviving their careers. The new edition combines the realities of today's economic downturn with the grittiness, drama and excitement of the original series.  Don’t miss it!
Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas on Monday night! Watch the Miss Universe pageant August 23rd live on NBC at 9 pm!
Response to the Sheep for Hire contest has been phenomenal. Friday is the last day to submit your ideas so go to the Serta Mattress Facebook page right now to enter. You could win a trip to the spectacular Trump International Hotel Las Vegas below.
I put the Serta Counting Sheep out of business and so I’m helping them get back to work.  I need ideas!  Enter the Sheep for Hire Serta Mattress contest and win a trip to the fabulous Trump International Hotel Las Vegas.
It’s a great honor to be receiving the 2010 Humanitarian Award from the HollyRod Foundation this Saturday night in Beverly Hills. Founded by Holly Robinson Peete, who did so well on Celebrity Apprentice, Holly raised a record breaking $700,000 during the show for her charity to fight autism and Parkinson’s disease. I’d like to thank everyone who contributed to this great cause.
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend.  He understood winning better than anybody. There will never be anyone like him in New York.  The country has lost a truly great man.
I’m proud to announce that Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago has been named the #1 Hotel in America by Travel & Leisure. The magnificent 92 story tower is the crown jewel of Chicago and well deserves to be rated the greatest hotel in the country. The announcement was made on NBC’s the Today Show.
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day. We have a lot to be thankful for.
Great article in The Wall Street Journal on Trump Golf and a few insights about my golf game.
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Relief Telethon. Over $1.3 million was raised in just 2 hours.
I'm looking forward to tonight's telethon on CNN.  The celebrity line-up is fantastic and the show should be a great success. Check out Global Disaster Relief on Facebook where close to 520,000 fans stay current on this important cause and many others.
What a fantastic finale!  Two great competitors and a very emotional ending. Congratulations to Bret and Holly for making it to the final and bringing tremendous benefit to their favorite charities.  Voice your opinion on Ivanka’s Much Watch Facebook page below and get ready for the return of the original Apprentice next season.
Last week’s Celebrity Apprentice was one of the toughest decisions I’ve had to make in the history of the show. The final competitors were all great and now it's down to the final two. Who would you hire? Make your choice now on the new Ivanka Trump Facebook "Must Watch" tab and tune in Sunday night on NBC for the exciting live finale.
Tara Connor, Miss USA 2006 will be one of the judges for the Miss USA pageant this Sunday night, live from Las Vegas on NBC. Visit the Miss USA website below to view all of the recently announced judges then pick your favorite to take the crown of Miss USA 2010.
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9:00PM Eastern where she is debuting her new jewelry collection.
The '2010 MISS USA® PAGEANT' will be broadcast live from Las Vegas, Sunday, May 16th on NBC. We have 51 of the most beautiful women in the country competing in one of the best live shows on television. Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales will be hosting along with Joan Rivers and Melissa reporting from backstage.  It’s going to be a fantastic show!
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
I am deeply saddened to hear about Bret Michaels and my thoughts and prayers are with him and his family at this time. He’s a great competitor and champion and I hope he will be fine.
How would you like to play golf with President Clinton? The winning bidder in Christies Green Auction, a fund-raiser for environmental projects, will join the President for 18 holes of golf at the beautiful Trump National Golf Course in Westchester New York. The President is a good friend of mine and a pretty good golfer as well. Better hurry, the bidding closes at noon Wednesday.  Good luck!
Like a good fight? If you are as big a fight fan as I am, don’t miss Oscar De La Hoya vs. comedian George Lopez tonight on Golf Channel as they go head to head on the spectacular Trump National Golf Course in Los Angeles. Great golf, great entertainment. I think you are really going to like it.
This Saturday is the last chance to try out for the next season of The Apprentice.  This is an open casting call in Los Angeles starting at 8AM. The crowds have been huge so arrive early and bring your completed application; only the first 500 will receive wristbands for interviews. Location and application information below.
This is a terrific day for downtown New York.  The grand opening of Trump SoHo, the most recent addition to our award winning Trump Hotel Collection in New York’s most iconic neighborhood.  Trump SoHo is unlike anything else, and we look forward to welcoming our guests, visitors and owners to this fantastic property.
Do you think Tiger can handle the pressure and win this weekend?  The ratings are going to be phenomenal and don’t forget to watch my new celebrity golf show premiering Monday on Golf Channel.  Check out the preview where sports superstars and celebrities alike compete for their favorite charity.
Fantastic turn out in New York for The Apprentice open casting call. The next opportunity is Wednesday, April 7th in Detroit and Atlanta. New York is going to be tough to beat as I was very impressed with the caliber of applicants so step it up Detroit and Atlanta. Show up early and don’t forget to bring your completed application. Location and application information link below. Think you can make it all the way to the boardroom?
New Yorkers, it’s your turn to show me if you have what it takes to be my next Apprentice. Thursday morning 8:00AM sharp at Trump Tower, and make sure to bring your application or you're pre-fired! Check my previous post below for specific location and application information. See you in the boardroom.
Thousands have asked, now is the time.  Your opportunity to meet face to face with an Apprentice Casting Team at one of our nationwide open casting calls.  Bring your completed application early because only the first 500 with wristbands are guaranteed to be seen.  Wristbands distributed in each city at 8:00 AM on the day of the Open Call and interviews begin at 9:00 AM. Location and application link below.
I’m proud to report that the extraordinary Trump Hotel Collection has received multiple nominations this year by Condo Nast, Travel+Leisure and the World Travel Awards.  Check out the Conde Nast readers choice travel survey below and don’t forget to vote for your favorite Trump Hotels in Chicago, Las Vegas, NYC & Waikiki. You can also vote at worldtravelawards.com/vote
After tremendous demand, I am excited to return to the original premise of The Apprentice. The new show will be a terrific way to provide jobs as well as valuable business lessons. NBC, Mark Burnett and I hope this economic downturn can begin a turnaround, and we’ll do our best with The Apprentice to make that happen. I’m proud to be putting people back to work, and to positively changing the psychology of America.
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start—the premiere swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic. The first firing was a really tough choice and this season’s celebrities are the most focused and competitive I’ve seen yet.  Don’t miss round two this Sunday night on NBC.
It's time to pick your favorites. The battle begins Sunday night featuring Cyndi Lauper, Sharon Osbourne, Carol Leifer, Holly Robinson Peete, Summer Sanders, Maria Kanellis and Selita Ebanks on the women’s team, and Bret Michaels, Darryl Strawberry, Michael Johnson, Bill Goldberg, Sinbad, Curtis Stone and Rod Blagojevich on the men’s team.  See you on Sunday night!
Just five more days until the season premiere of The Celebrity Apprentice, two hours of exciting entertainment starting at 9/8c this Sunday, March 14th. Check out the NBC/Apprentice web page below for further details about the contestants, photos, an episode guide and more. This will be the best season yet!
Many people have been calling to thank me for having Andrea Bocelli perform at the ballroom at Mar-a-Lago on Sunday. He was fantastic, and people have been saying this may have been the greatest evening of entertainment in the long and storied history of Palm Beach.
While she needs no introduction, please welcome my beautiful wife Melania to Facebook. You can become a fan at: www.facebook.com/melaniatrump
In case you missed it, Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message: http://bit.ly/cv1En7
Donald Trump will be appearing today on CNN International’s ‘Connect the World’ as ‘Connector of the Day’. Submit your question for Mr. Trump here: http://bit.ly/bPiP7T
Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win!
The Golf Channel & Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf host a Celebrity Golf Match on Monday, 1/25, at TNGC LA, CA - Mark Wahlberg vs. Kevin Dillon http://bit.ly/4MubN6
-- Want to be a Tycoon?  Now you can test your ability to make a fortune with my brand new game App - Trump Tycoon. Enter the 3D world of high stakes real estate where the goal of the game is to increase your net worth by buying, renovating, and selling properties in key markets across the country.  I’ll set your objectives but it’s up to you to meet them and learn from my advice or you’re FIRED! All you need is an iPhone or iTouch and you’re in. The game is only $2.99 but my experience and advice is priceless!  Go to the App Store on iTunes and start making deals now. www.itunes.com/appstore/
Prepare for battle. Celebrity Apprentice will return to NBC on Sunday, March 14 from 9:00 to 11:00 PM ET/PT. This season is going to be fantastic. The list of celebrities we have is outstanding and the show will really resonate with our core viewers and fans. I expect this season of 'Celebrity Apprentice' to be the best one yet.
From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday season and a very happy, healthy and prosperous New Year. The opportunities are there so let’s think like champions and go for them!
-- Trump International Hotel & Tower in Chicago has been ranked the sixth tallest building in the world by The Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat http://bit.ly/sqvQq
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
"--From Donald Trump: ""I have recently received several letters from
people who have been positively affected by my latest book, Think Like
a Champion. One of them mentioned that this book should be in every
college around the world. It is a great feeling to be an inspiration
and I hope those of you who haven't read my latest book will do so."" http://bit.ly/14iIkL"
--We're very pleased to announce that work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland http://bit.ly/3Rv11n
--From Donald Trump: "Ivanka and Jared’s wedding was spectacular, and they make a beautiful couple. I’m a very proud father."
Hear Donald Trump discuss big government spending, the banks, and taxes during his recent appearance on Your World with Neil Cavuto:http://tinyurl.com/yhnzd7p
-- Watch a video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on Good Morning America: http://tinyurl.com/yk6hlfo
- Read Donald Trump's comments about Ivanka's upcoming new book, The Trump Card: http://tinyurl.com/ycsqmda
- Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success: http://tinyurl.com/mcn8yl
- Watch more DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and "Double Trump" and enter the Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes: http://www.nabiscoworld.com/oreo/dsrl/home.aspx
- Donald Trump is pleased to announce his intent to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check out facebook.com/Oreo to see what’s next for the DSRL: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzMp0opFRhI
- Be sure to tune in and watch the 58th Annual Miss Universe competition LIVE from Atlantis, Paradise Islands, Bahamas this Sunday, August 23rd at 9 p.m. (ET) on NBC: http://tinyurl.com/n9vavb
- In case you missed it, here is Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman: http://tinyurl.com/klts6b
- You can now follow Ivanka on Twitter @ http://twitter.com/IvankaTrump
- Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog: http://tinyurl.com/n5468r
Take a look at Donald Trump's List of Books for Summer Reading at the Trump University Blog: http://tinyurl.com/knyswt
- Congratulations to all the winners of the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest - We received thousands of entries from all over the world and your enthusiastic support is very appreciated: http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
-- Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: http://tinyurl.com/mvovzb
- Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it!
- Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record: http://tinyurl.com/mmjked
Statement from Donald Trump regarding Michael Jackson: "He was a great guy, a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. He went through some tough times but was working his way through them. It’s a devastating loss!"
- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday!
SF Chronicle (06-15) 19:06 PDT -- "David Beckham was one of the first, along with Britney Spears and Donald Trump.  They all were among the nearly 6 million Facebook users who registered a vanity URL with the social-networking Web site over the weekend."
- Thanks to all for the thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump
- Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Please post a comment if you'd like to send a B'day wish - We'd love to hear from you - Thanks!
- This is the last week to enter the "Think Like A Champion" signed book and keychain contest: http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/
"Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:
http://www.google.com/help/ig/showcase/donald_trump.html"
-- Read four excerpts from Donald Trump's new book Think Like A Champion @ http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/excerpts.php
"Enter the ""Think Like A Champion"" signed book and keychain contest:
http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/"
- Congratulations Joan Rivers - The New Celebrity Apprentice!
- Who do you think is going to be The Celebrity Apprentice, Joan or Annie? Tune in to the 3-hour live finale starting at 8pm EST tonight! http://www.nbc.com/the-celebrity-apprentice/
- Watch Donald Trump read the Top Ten List on The Late Show with David Letterman: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmMkZD4VcNQ&feature=fvsr
- Watch Donald Trump tomorrow morning on The View!
- Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
- Do you think Joan Rivers will return to The Celebrity Apprentice tonight?
"Watch an interview with Donald Trump on CNBC:
http://www.cnbc.com/id/30367055/site/14081545"
- Watch an interview with Donald Trump on CNN: http://tinyurl.com/cascqj
- Who do you hope gets fired from Celebrity Apprentice tonight?
Read a Q&A with Donald Trump @ Time.com: http://www.time.com/time/arts/article/0,8599,1892803,00.html
- Take the "Champion Challenge" for a chance to win a signed copy of Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump: http://tinyurl.com/championchallenge
- Check out the official website for Donald Trump's new book, Think Like A Champion: http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com
- Who do you think will be fired on Celebrity Apprentice tonight?
Follow Donald J. Trump on Twitter: http://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump
Watch Donald J. Trump on Larry King Live: http://www.cnn.com/video/#/video/bestoftv/2009/04/16/lkl.donald.trump.cnn
Watch Donald Trump on Good Morning America: http://abcnews.go.com/Video/playerIndex?id=7331388